{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
silver object, shaped like a long pear with two or three squares\
       beneath it, flew at 150-180 kts.  (170-210 m.p.h.), while a\
       smaller object, delta-shaped or swept back, flew around it at\
       1,000-1,500 kts.  (1,150-1,700 m.p.h.).  Seen by crews for 1-4\
       minutes.\
\
       July 23, 1952; Altoona, Pennsylvania.  12:50 p.m.  Witnesses:\
       two-man crews of two USAF F-94 jet interceptors at 35-46,000'\
       altitude.  Three cylindrical objects in a vertical stack\
       formation flew at an altitude of 50-80,000'.  Seen for 20\
       minutes.\
\
       July 23, 1952; South Bend, Indiana.  11:35 p.m.  Witness:  USAF\
       pilot Capt. H. W. Kloth. Two bright blue-white objects flew\
       together, then the rear one veered off after about 9 minutes.\
\
       July 24, 1952; Carson Sink, Nevada. 3:40 p.m. Witnesses:  two\
       USAF Lt. Colonels McGinn and Barton in a B-25 bomber. Three\
       silver, delta-shaped objects, each with a ridge along the top,\
       crossed in front of and above the B-25 at high speed, in 3-4\
       seconds.\
\
       July 26, 1952; Washington, D.C. 8 p.m. until after midnight.\
       Witnesses:  radar operators at several airports, airline pilots.\
       Many unidentified blips tracked by radar all over Washington\
       area, at varying speeds.  Pilots spotted unidentified lights.\
\
       July 26, 1952; Kansas City, Missouri. 12:15 a.m. Witnesses:\
       USAF Capt. H. A. Stone, men in control towers at Fairfax Field\
       and Municipal Airport. One greenish light with red-orange\
       flashes was seen for 1 hour as it descended in the northwest from\
       40* elevation to 10* elevation.\
\
       July 26, 1952; Andrews AFB, Maryland. This was a continuation of\
       the extensive sightings and radar tracking reports reported\
       throughout the Washington, D.C. area, all night long.\
\
       July 26, 1952; Kirtland AFB, New Mexico. 12:05 a.m. Witness:\
       Airman lst Class J.M. Donaldson. Eight to ten orange balls in a\
       triangular or V-formation flew very fast for 3-4 seconds.\
\
       July 26, 1952; Williams, California.  Case missing from official\
       files.\
\
       July 27, 1952; Selfridge AFB, Michigan. 10:05 a.m. Witnesses:\
       three B-29 bomber crewmen on ground.  Many round, white objects\
       flew straight and level, very fast.  Two at 10:05, one at 10:10,\
       one at 10:15, one at 10:20.  Each was seen for about 30 seconds.\
\
       July 27, 1952; Wichita Falls, Texas. 8:30 p.m. Witnesses:  Mr.\
       and Mrs. Adrian Ellis. Two disc-shaped objects, illuminated by a\
\
\
                                   21\
       phosphorus light, flew at an estimated l,000 m.p.h.  for 15\
       seconds.\
\
       July 28, 1952; Heidelberg, West Germany. 10:20 p.m. Witnesses:\
       Sgt. B.C. Grassmoen, WAC Pfc. A.P. Turner. One saucer-shaped\
       object having an appearance of light metal and giving off shafts\
       of white light, flew slow, made a 90^ turn and climbed away fast\
       after 4-5 minutes.\
\
       July 28, 1952; McGuire AFB, New Jersey. 6 a.m. Witness:  Ground\
       Control Approach radar operator M/Sgt. W.F. Dees, and persons in\
       the base control tower.  Radar tracked a large cluster of very\
       distinct blips.  Visual observation was of oblong objects having\
       neither wings nor tail, which made a very fast turn and at one\
       time were in echelon formation.  Entire episode lasted 55\
       minutes.\
\
       July 28, 1952; McChord AFB, Washington. 2:15 a.m. Witnesses:\
       T/Sgt. Walstead, S/Sgt. Calkins of the 635th AC&W Squadron. One\
       dull, glowing, blue-green ball,.the size of a dime at arms'\
       length, flew very fast, straight and level.\
\
       July 29, 1952; Osceola, Wisconsin.  1:30 a.m.  Witnesses:  radar\
       operators on ground, pilot of F-5l Mustang in flight. Several\
       clusters of up to 10 small radar targets and one large target.\
       Small targets moved from southwest to east at 50-60 kts.  (60-70\
       m.p.h.), following each other.  The large one moved at 600 kts.\
       (700 m.p.h.).  One hour total time.  Pilot confirmed one target.\
\
       July 29, 1952; Langley AFB, Virginia. 2:30 p.m. Witness:  USAF\
       Capt D.G. Moore, of military air traffic control system.  One\
       undescribed object flew at an estimated 2,600 m.p.h., below\
       5,000' altitude, toward the air base for about 2 minutes.\
\
       July 29, 1952; Langley AFB, Virginia. 2:50 p.m. Witnesses:  Mr.\
       Moore, Gilfillan electronics representative W. Yhope. One radar\
       target tracked moving away, stopped for 2 minutes, again moved\
       very, very fast.  Four minutes.\
\
       July 29, 1952; Merced, California.  3:44 or 4:35 p.m.  Witnesses:\
       Herbert Mitchell and one employee.  One dark, discus-shaped\
       object, trailed by a silvery light 2 lengths behind, tipped on\
       its side, dove, hesitated and then circled very fast during the 2\
       minute sighting.\
\
       July 29, 1952; Wichita, Kansas. 12:35 p.m.  Witnesses:  USAF\
       shop employees Douglas and Hess at Municipal Airport. One bright\
       white circular object with a flat bottom flew very fast, and then\
       hovered 10-15 seconds over the Cessna Aircraft Co. plant, during\
       the 5 minute sighting.\
\
\
\
                                   22\
       July 29, 1952; Ennis, Montana. 12:30 p.m.  Witnesses:  USAF\
       persons, alerted that UFOs were coming from the direction of\
       Seattle, Wash. Two to five flat disc-shaped objects:  one\
       hovered 3-4 minutes, while the others circled it.  Sighting\
       length of 30 minutes not explained further.\
\
       July 30, 1952; Albuquerque, New Mexico. 11:02 p.m. Witness:\
       USAF lst Lt. George Funk. One orange light remained stationary\
       for 10 minutes.  No further details in files.\
\
       July 30, 1952; San Antonio, Texas. 10 a.m. Witnesses:  E.E. Nye\
       and one other person.  One round, white object flew slow and then\
       sped away after 20-30 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 1, 1952; Lancaster, California.  1:14 a.m.  Witnesses:\
       sheriff's deputies and other persons, one named Mallette. Two\
       brilliant red lights hovered and maneuvered for 5 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 2, 1952; Lake Charles, Louisiana. 3 a.m. Witnesses:  USAF\
       lst Lt. W.A. Theil, one enlisted man.  One red ball with a blue\
       flame tail flew straight and level for 3-4 seconds.\
\
       Aug. 4, 1952; Phoenix, Arizona. 2:20 a.m.  Witness:  USAF\
       A/3c W.F. Vain. One yellow ball which lengthened and narrowed to\
       plate shape, flew straight and level for 5 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 4, 1952; Mt. Vernon, New York. 11:37 a.m. Witnesses:  one\
       woman, two children.  One object, shaped like a lifesaver or\
       donut, emitted black smoke from its top and made a 15' arc in 1.5\
       minutes.  Observed for 2 hours.\
\
       Aug 5. 1952; Haneda AFB, Japan. 11:30 p.m.  Witnesses:  USAF\
       F-94 jet interceptor pilots lst Lt. W.R. Holder and lst Lt. A.M.\
       Jones, and Haneda control tower operators.  Airborne radar\
       tracked a target for 90 seconds.  Control tower operators watched\
       50-60 minutes while a dark shape with a light flew as fast as 330\
       kts.  (380 m.p.h.), hovered, flew curves and performed a variety\
       of maneuvers.\
\
\
       Aug. 6, 1952; Tokyo, Japan. This is a continuation of the Haneda\
       AFB sightings.\
\
       Aug. 6, 1952; Port Austin, Michigan.  Case missing from official\
       files.\
\
       Aug. 7. 1952; San Antonio, Texas.  9:08 a.m.  Witness:  Mrs.\
       Susan Pfuhl. Four glowing white discs:  one made a 180* turn,\
       one flew straight and level, one veered off, and one circled\
       during the 70 minute sighting.\
\
\
\
                                    23\
       Aug. 9, 1952; Lake Charles, Louisiana. 10:50 a.m. Witness:\
       USAF A/3c J.P. Raley. One disc-shaped object flew very fast and\
       then hovered for 2 seconds during a 5-6 minute sighting.\
\
       Aug. 13, 1952; Tokyo, Japan. 9:45 p.m.  Witness:  USAF Marine\
       Corps pilot Maj. D. McGough. One orange light flew a left orbit\
       at 8,000' and 230 m.p.h., spiralled down to no more than 1,500',\
       remained stationary for 2-3 minutes and went out.  An attempted\
       interception was unsuccessful.\
\
       Aug. 18, 1952; Fairfield, California.  12:50 a.m.  Witnesses:\
       three policemen.  One object changed color like a diamond, and\
       changed directions during the 30 minute sighting.\
\
       Aug. 19, 1952; Red Bluff, California.  2:38 p.m.  Witness:\
       Ground Observer Corps observer Albert Lathrop. Two objects,\
       shaped like fat bullets, flew straight and level, very fast for\
       25 seconds.\
\
       Aug. 20, 1952; Neffesville, Pennsylvania. 3:10 a.m. Witnesses:\
       Bill Ford and two others. An undescribed object flew at 500'\
       altitude for several minutes.  No further data in files.\
\
       Aug. 21, 1952; Dallas, Texas. 11:54 p.m.  Witness:  Jack Rossen,\
       ex-artillery observer.  Three blue-white lights hovered then\
       descended; 1.5 minutes later, one of them descended more.\
\
       Aug. 23, 1952; Akron, Ohio. 4:10 a.m.  Witnesses:  USAF 2nd Lt.\
       H.K. Funseth, a ground radar observer, and two U.S. Navy men.\
       One pulsing amber light was seen to fly straight and level for 7\
       minutes.\
\
       Aug. 24, 1952; Hermanas, Mexico. 10:15 a.m.  Witness:  Georgia\
       Air National Guard F-84G jet fighter pilot Col. G.W. Johnson.\
       Two 6' silver balls in abreast formation, one turned grey\
       rapidly, the other slowly.  One changed to long grey shape during\
       a turn.  Sighting lasted about 10 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 24, 1952; Tucson, Arizona. 5:40 p.m.  Witnesses:  Mr. and\
       Mrs. George White. One large round, metallic, white light with a\
       vague lower surface, flew slowly, then fast With a dancing,\
       wavering motion, for about 1 minute.\
\
       Aug. 24, 1952; Levelland, Texas. 9:30 p.m., 10:30 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Sharp. One object, shaped like a\
       spinning top, changing color from red to yellow to blue, and with\
       a fiery tail, hovered for 20 minutes, whistling, then flew away.\
       It, or another like it, returned an hour later.\
\
       Aug. 25, 1952; Pittsburg, Kansas. 5:35 a.m.  Witness:  radio\
       station musician William Squyres. One dull aluminum object,\
       shaped like two meat platters, face to face, estimated at 75'\
\
                                    24\
       long, 45' wide, and 15' thick.  Through a window in the front\
       section shone a blue light; the head and shoulders of a man could\
       be seen.  The mid section had numerous windows through which\
       could be seen some kind of regular movement.  A series of small\
       propellers were spaced close together along the outer edge of the\
       object, revolving at high speed.  The object was hovering about\
       10' above the ground, 100 yards off the road, with a slight\
       rocking motion.  It then ascended vertically with a sound like a\
       large covey of quail starting to fly at the same time.\
       Vegetation showed signs of having been disturbed under the\
       object.\
\
       Aug. 25, 1952; Holloman AFB, New Mexico. 3:40 p.m. Witnesses:\
       civilian supervisor Fred Lee, foreman L.A. Aquilar. One round\
       silver object flew south, turned and flew north, made a 360 turn\
       and flew away vertically after 3-5 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 26, 1952; Lathrop Wells, Nevada. 12:10 a.m. Witness:  USAF\
       Capt. D.A. Woods. One large, round, very bright object with a\
       V-shaped contrail having a dark cone in the center, flew very\
       fast, hovered, made an instantaneous 90 turn, followed by a\
       gentle climb and finally sudden acceleration.\
\
       Aug. 28, 1952; Chickasaw and Brookley AFB, Alabama. 9:30 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  USAF control tower operators, officer from USAF\
       Office of Special Investigations, and others.  Six objects,\
       varying from fiery red to sparkling diamond appearance, hovered,\
       flew erratically up and down for 1 hour and l5minutes.\
\
       Aug. 29, 1952; Colorado Springs, Colorado. 8:35 p.m. Witness:\
       pilot C.A. Magruder. Three objects, 50' in diameter, 10' high,\
       aluminum with red-yellow exhaust, flew in trail at estimated\
       1,500 m.p.h.  for 4-5 seconds.\
\
       Aug. 29, 1952; west of Thule, Greenland (77' N., 75* 15' W.)\
       10:50 a.m.  Witnesses:  two U.S. Navy pilots flying a P4Y-2\
       patrol plane.  Three white disc-shaped or spherical objects\
       hovered, then flew very fast in a triangular formation, in 2-3\
       minutes.\
\
       Sept. l, 1952; Marietta, Georgia.  10:50 p.m.  Witness:  ex-AAF\
       B-25 gunner. Two large white disc-shaped objects with green\
       vapor trails flew in trail formation, merged, flew away very\
       fast.\
\
       Sept. 1, 1952; Marietta, Georgia.  10:30 p.m.  Witness:  one\
       unidentified person using binoculars.  Two large objects shaped\
       like spinning tops and displaying red, blue and green colors,\
       flew side by side, leaving a sparkling trail for 30 minutes.\
\
\
\
\
                                    25\
       Sept. 1, 1952; Atlanta, Georgia. 9:43 p.m.  Witnesses:  Mrs.\
       William Davis and nine other persons.  One light, similar to the\
       evening star, moved up and down for a long period of time.\
\
       Sept. l, 1952; Marietta, Georgia.  10:30 p.m.  Witnesses:  Mr.\
       Bowman (ex-artillery officer) and 24 others.  A red, white, and\
       blue-green object which spun and shot off sparks for 15 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 1, 1952; Yaak, Montana. 4:45 a.m.  Witnesses:  Visual\
       sighting by two USAF enlisted men, radar tracking seen by three\
       men using AN/FPS-3 radar set. Two small, varicolored lights\
       became black silhouettes at dawn; flew erratically.  One hour.\
\
       Sept. 2, 1952; Chicago, Illinois.  3 a.m.  Witness:  radar\
       tracker Turason (ground controlled approach) at Midway Airport.\
       40 targets flew in miscellaneous directions, up to 175 m.p.h.\
       Two seemed to fly in formation with DC-6 airliner. Total of\
       8 hours.\
\
       Sept. 3, 1952; Tucson, Arizona. 99 a.m.  Witnesses:  civilian\
       pilots McCraven and Thomas. One shiny, dark ellipse made three\
       broad, curving sweeps in 1.5 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 6, 1952; Lake Charles AFB, Louisiana. l:3O'a.m.\
       Witnesses:  T/Sgt. J.E. Wilson and two enlisted men.  One bright\
       star-like light moved about the sky for 2 hours.\
\
       Sept. 6, 1952; Tucson, Arizona. 4:55 p.m.  Witnesses:  ex-\
       Congresswoman Mrs. Isabella King and Bill McClain. One orange\
       teardrop-shaped object whirled on its vertical axis, descended\
       very fast, stopped, retraced its path upwards, while whirling in\
       the opposite direction.  1.5 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 7, 1952; San Antonio, Texas. 10:30 p.m. Witnesses:\
       chemist J.W. Gibson and others. One orange object or light (the\
       color of 2,000' F.) exploded into view.  Seen for from 3-20\
       seconds by various observers.\
\
       Sept. 9, 1952; Rabat, French Morocco. 9 p.m. Witness:  E.J.\
       colisimo, a civilian illustrator with USAF Intelligence. One\
       disc with lights along part of its circumference, flew twice as\
       fast as a T-33 jet trainer, in a slightly curved path for 5\
       seconds.\
\
       Sept. 12, 1952; Allen, Maryland. 9:30 p.m.  Witnesses:  Mr. and\
       Mrs. David Kolb, of the Ground Observer Corps, using binoculars.\
       One white light with a red trim and streamers flew northeast for\
       35 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 13, 1952; Allentown, Pennsylvania.  7:40 p.m.  Witness:\
       private pilot W.A. Hobler, flying a Beech Bonanza. One object,\
       shaped like a fat football, flaming orange-red color, descended\
\
                                    26\
       and then pulled up in front of the witness' airplane.  Seen for 2\
       seconds.\
\
       Sept. 14, 1952; Santa Barbara, California. 8:40 p.m. Witness:\
       USAF C-54 transport pilot Tarbutton.  One blue-white light\
       travelled straight and level, then went up.  Seen for 30 seconds.\
\
       Sept. 14, 1952; North Atlantic, between Ireland and Iceland.\
       Witnesses:  military persons from several countries aboard ships\
       in the NATO "Operation Mainbrace" exercise.  Among the sightings:\
       one blue-green triangle was observed flying 1,500 m.p.h; three\
       objects in a triangular formation gave off white light exhaust at\
       1,500 m.p.h.\
\
       Sept. 14, 1952; White Lake, South Dakota. 7 p.m. Witness:\
       Ground Observer Corps observer L.W. Barnes, using binoculars.\
       One red, cigar-shaped object, with three puffs behind it, flew\
       west, then south, and then was gone.  Seen 30-40 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 14, 1952; Ciudad Jaurez, Mexico. 11:30 p.m. to 1:20 a.m.,\
       Sept. 15. Witnesses:  consulting engineer R. J. Portis and three\
       others.  Six groups of 12-15 luminous spheres or discs, which\
       flew in formations varying from arcs to inverted-Y's, very fast.\
\
       Sept. 14, 1952; Olmstead AFB, Pennsylvania. Time not known.\
       Witness:  pilot of Flying Tiger Airlines airplane N67977. One\
       blue light flew very fast on a collision course with the\
       airliner.  Note:  the summary card attached to the file showed\
       completely different information.\
\
       Sept. 16, 1952; Portland, Maine. 6:22 p.m.  Witnesses:  crew of\
       U.S. Navy P2V Neptune patrol plane, visually and via radar.  A\
       group of five lights was seen at the same time a long, thin blip\
       was being tracked on radar.  Note:  consideration was given to\
       this being USAF KC-97 airplanes involved in a refueling\
       operation.  The sighting involved 20 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 16, 1952; Warner-Robbins AFB, Georgia. 7:30 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  three USAF officers, two civilians.  Two white lights\
       flew abreast, at 100 m.p.h., for 15 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 17, 1952; Tucson, Arizona. 11:40 a.m.  Witnesses:  Mr. and\
       Mrs. Ted Hollingsworth. Two groups of three large, flat, shiny\
       objects flew in tight formations:  the first group slow, the\
       second faster.  Seen for 2 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 23, 1952; Gander Lake, Newfoundland, Canada. No time\
       shown.  Witnesses:  Pepperell AFB operations officer and seven\
       other campers.  One bright white light, which reflected on the\
       lake, flew straight and level at 100 m.p.h.  for 10 minutes.\
\
\
\
                                    27\
       Sept. 24, 1952; Charleston, West Virginia. 3:30 p.m. Witnesses:\
       crew of USAF B-29 bomber. A lot of bright, metallic particles or\
       flashes, up to 3' in length, streamed past the B-29 for 15\
       minutes.\
\
       Sept. 26, 1952; 400 miles NNW of Azores Islands. 11:16 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  pilot, copilot, engineer and aircraft commander of\
       USAF C-124 transport plane. Two distinct green lights were seen\
       to the right and slightly above the C-124, and at one time seemed\
       to turn toward it.  The lights alternated leading each other\
       during more than 1 hour of observation.\
\
       Sept. 27, 1952; Inyokern, California.  10 p.m.  Witnesses:  two\
       couples, using a 5x telescope.  One large, round object, which\
       went through the color spectrum every 2 seconds, was seen to fly\
       straight and level for 15 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 29, 1952; Rochester, England.  3:55 p.m.  Witnesses\
       unknown, but report came via the Rochester Police Dept. Two flat\
       objects hovered for 3 minutes, and then sped away.\
\
      Sept. 29, 1952; Southern Pines, North Carolina. 8:15 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  U.S. Army Res. lst Lt. C.H. Stevens and two others.\
       One green ellipse with a long tail orbited for 15 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 29, 1952; Aurora, Colorado.  3:15 p.m.  Witness:  USAF\
       T/Sgt. B.R. Hughes. Five or six circular objects, bright white\
       but not shiny, circled in trail formation for 5-6 minutes.\
\
       Oct. 1, 1952; Shaw AFB, South Carolina. 6:57 p.m. Witness:\
       USAF lst Lt. T.J. Pointek, pilot of RF-8O reconnaissance jet. One\
       bright white light flew straight, then vertical, then hovered,\
       and then made an abrupt turn during a 23 minute attempted\
       intercept.\
\
       Oct. 1, 1952; Pascagoula, Mississippi.  7:40 p.m.  Witnesses:\
       Mr. and Mrs. C.C. McLean and one other person.  One round,\
       milky-white object, shaped like a powder puff, hovered for 5-10\
       minutes then flew away very fast in an arc.  A loud blast was\
       heard at the start of the 22 minute sighting.\
\
       Oct. 7, 1952; Alamagordo, New Mexico. 8:30 p.m. Witness:  USAF\
       Lt. Bagnell. One pale blue oval, with its long axis vertical,\
       flew straight and level for 4-5 seconds, covering 30 in that\
       time.\
\
                                                      .\
\
       Oct. 10, 1952; Otis AFB, Massachusetts.  6:30 p.m.  Witnesses:\
       USAF S/Sgt., two other enlisted men.  One blinking white light\
       moved like a pendulum for 20 minutes, and then shot straight up.\
\
       Oct. 17, 1952; Taos, New Mexico.  9:15 p.m.  Witnesses:  Four\
       USAF officers One round, bright blue light moved from north to\
\
                                    28\
       northeast at an elevation of 45* for 2-3 seconds and then burned\
       out.\
\
       Oct. 17, 1952; Killeen, Texas. 10:15 p.m.  Witnesses:  Ministers\
       Greenwalt and Kluck. Ten lights, or a rectangle of lights, moved\
       more or less straight and level for 5 seconds.\
\
       Oct. 17, 1952; Tierra Amarilla, New Mexico. 11 p.m. Witness:\
       one military  person (no detail).  One white streamer moved at an\
       estimated 3,000 m.p.h.  in an arc for 20 seconds.  No further\
       details in files.\
\
       Oct. 19, 1952; San Antonio, Texas. 1:30 p.m. Witness:  one\
       ex-USAF aircrewman Woolsey. Three circular aluminum objects, one\
       of which was olive-drab colored on the side, flew in a rough\
       V-formation. One object flipped slowly, another object stopped,\
       during the 3-4 minute sighting.\
\
       Oct. 19. 1952; 500 miles south of Hawaii. 6:58 p.m. Witnesses:\
       crew of USAF C-50 transport plane.  One round yellow light, with\
       a red glowing edge, estimated at 100' in diameter, flew at\
       300-400 kts.  (350-450 m.p.h.) for 20 seconds.\
\
       Oct. 21, 1952; Knoxville, Tennessee.  No time given. Witnesses:\
       persons at airport weather station.  Six white lights flew in a\
       loose formation for 1-2 minutes, and made a shallow dive at a\
       weather balloon.\
\
       Oct. 24, 1952; Elberton, Alabama.  8:26 p.m.  Witnesses:  USAF\
       Lt. Rau, Capt. Marcinko, flying a Beech T-ll trainer. One\
       object, shaped like a plate, with a brilliant front and vague\
       trail, flew with its concave surface forward for 5 seconds.\
\
       Oct. 29, 1952; Erding Air Depot, West Germany. 7:50 a.m.\
       Witnesses:  USAF S/Sgt. Anderson, A/2c Max Handy. One round\
       object, silhouetted against a cloud, flew straight and level and\
       smooth at 400 m.p.h.  for 20 seconds.\
\
       Oct. 31, 1952; Fayetteville, Georgia. 7:40 p.m. Witness:  USAF\
       Lt. James Allen. One orange, blimp-shaped object, 80' long and\
       20' high, flew at treetop level, crossed over Allen's car (at\
       which time his radio stopped playing), then climbed out at 45'\
       and tremendous speed at the end of a 1 minute sighting.\
\
       Nov. 3, 1952; Laredo AFB, Texas. 66:29 p.m.  Witnesses:  two\
       control tower operators, including Lemaster. One long,\
       elliptical, white-grey light flew very fast, paused, and then\
       increased speed during a 3-4 second observation.\
\
       Nov. 4, 1952; Vineland, New Jersey.  5:40 p.m.  Witness:\
       housewife Mrs. Sprague. Two groups of 2-3 whirling discs of\
       light flew toward the southeast over a period of 30 seconds.\
\
                                    29\
       Nov. 12, 1952; Los Alamos, New Mexico. 10:23 p.m. Witness:\
       security inspector.  Four red-white-green lights flew slowly over\
       a prohibited area for 15 minutes.\
\
       Nov. 13, 1952; Opheim, Montana. 2:20 a.m.  Witness:  radar\
       tracking by USAF 779th AC&W station.  An unexplained track was\
       followed for 1 hour, 28 minutes, at 158,000' altitude (30 miles)\
       and a speed of 240 m.p.h.  Radar was FPS/3 (PPI).\
\
       Nov. 13, 1952; Glasgow, Montana.  2:43 a.m.  Witness:  U.S.\
       Weather Bureau observer Earl Oksendahl. Five oval-shaped\
       objects, with lights all around them, flew in a V-formation for\
       about 20 seconds.  Each object seemed to be changing position\
       vertically by climbing or diving as if to hold formation.\
       Formation came from the northwest, made a 90* overhead, and flew\
       away to the southwest.\
\
       Nov. 15, 1952; Wichita, Kansas.  7:02 a.m.  Witnesses:  USAF Maj.\
       R.L. Wallander, Capt. Belleman, A/3c Phipps. One orange object\
       (a blue streak?) varied in shape, as it made jerky upward sweeps\
       with 10-15 second pauses during a 3-5 minute sighting.\
\
       Nov. 24, 1952; Annandale, Virginia.  6:30 p.m.  Witness:  L.L'\
       Brettner. One round, glowing object flew very fast, made right\
       angle turns and reversed course during a 1 hour sighting.\
\
       Nov. 27, 1952; Albuquerque, New Mexico. 12:10 p.m. Witnesses:\
       pilot and crew chief of UAAF B-26 bomber. A series of black\
       smoke bursts (4-3-3-4-3), similar to antiaircraft fire, was seen\
       over a 20 minute period.C. 12:30 a.m. Witnesses:  radar\
\
       Nov. 30, 1952; Washington, D.C. l\
       operators at Washington National Airport. Radar trackings\
       similar to those of July 26, 1952.\
\
       Dec. 8, 1952; Ladd AFB, Alaska.  8:16 p.m.  Witnesses:  pilot lst\
       Lt. D. Dickman and radar operator lst Lt. T. Davies in USAF F-94\
       jet interceptor (s/n 49-2522).  One white, oval light which\
       changed to red at higher altitude, flew straight and level for 2\
       minutes, then climbed at phenomenal speed on an erratic flight\
       path.  Sighting lasted 10 minutes.\
\
       Dec. 9, 1952; Madison, Wisconsin.  5:45 p.m.  Witnesses:  Capt.\
       Bridges and lst Lt. Johneon in USAF T-33 jet trainer. Four\
       bright lights, in diamond formation, flew at 400 m.p.h.  and were\
       passed by the T-33 at 450 m.p.h. during the 10 minute sighting.\
\
       Dec. 28, 1952; Marysville, California.  Case missing from\
       official files.\
\
\
\
Jan. 1, 1953; Craig, Montana. 8:45 p.m.  Witnesses:  Warner\
       Anderson and two women. A silver, saucer-shaped object with a\
       red glowing bottom, flew low over a river and then climbed fast\
       in a horizontal attitude.  Ten second sighting.\
\
       Jan. 8, 1953; Larson AFB, Washington.  7:15 a.m.  Witnesses:  men\
       from the 82nd Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, including the\
       squadron commander; all were on the ground.  One green, disc-\
       shaped or round object flew southwest for 15 minutes, with a\
       vertically bobbing motion and sideways movements, below clouds.\
\
       Jan. 10, 1953; Sonoma, California.  3:45 p.m.  or 4 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  retired Col. Robert McNab, and Mr. Hunter of the\
       Federal Security Agency. One flat object, like a pinhead, made\
       three 360* right turns in 9 seconds, made abrupt 90* turns to the\
       right and left, stopped, accelerated to original speed and\
       finally flew out of sight vertically after 60-75 seconds.\
\
       Jan. 17, 1953; near Guatemala City, Guatemala. 3:55 p.m.\
       Witness:  geologist/salesman J.J. Sackett. One brilliant\
       green-gold object, shaped like the Goodyear blimp with its length\
       twice its height, flew 400 m.p.h.  straight and level, stopped,\
       then went straight up with one stop.  Sighting lasted 22 seconds.\
\
       Jan. 28, 1953; Pt. Mugu, California.  1 p.m.  Witness:  R.W.\
       Love, owner of Love Diving Co., engaged in retrieving radio-\
       controlled drones.  An 18-20' white, flat disc flew straight and\
       level, overhead, for 6 minutes.\
\
       Jan. 28, 1953; Corona, California.  6:05 p.m.  Witness:  USAF\
       T/Sgt. George Beyer. Five 25' green spheres flew in V-formation,\
       then changed to trail formation at which time the end objects\
       turned red.  Sighting lasted 12 minutes.\
\
       Jan. 28, 1953; Albany, Georgia. No time given. Witnesses:\
       radar maintenance personnel.  Radar tracked one stationary target\
       for 20 minutes.  A visual sighting about the same time was\
       explained.  No further information in the files.\
\
       Feb. 3, 1953; Keflavik, Iceland.  5:25 p.m.  Witnesses:  radar\
       operators.  Four unidentified targets were tracked for 24\
       minutes.  No further data.\
\
       Feb. 4, 1953; Yuma, Arizona. 1:50 p.m.  Witness:  U.S. Weather\
       Bureau observer Stanley Brown, using a theodolite.  One white,\
       oblong object was tracked flying straight up, leveling off and\
       being joined by a second, similar, object.  The second twice flew\
       away and returned to the first.  After 5 minutes, both were lost\
       to sight behind clouds.\
\
       Feb. 17, 1953; Port Austin. Michigan. 10:04 p.m. Witnesses:\
       two officers and three airmen of USAF AC&W squadron, visually and\
\
                                      31\
       by radar.  Visual object appeared to larger and brighter than a\
       star and changed color; it was seen to move slowly for 5 minutes\
       until 10:09 p.m.  Radar picked up a target at 10:08 p.m.  moving\
       in a similar direction for 17 minutes, at similar speed.\
\
       Feb. 20, 1953; Pittsburg-Stockton, California. #1 time unknown;\
       #2, 10:30 p.m.  Witnesses:  USAF B-25 bomber pilots. #1 was a\
       bright yellow light seen for 8 minutes.  #2 was a bright light\
       which flew on a collision course, dimmed and climbed away fast.\
\
       Feb. 24, 1953; Sherman, Texas. 7:43 p.m.  Witnesses:  Warrant\
       Officer and Mrs. Alden. Two bright red, round objects with big\
       halos flew in small circles, climbed and faded during a 3-7\
       second sighting.\
\
       Feb. 27, 1953; Shreveport, Louisiana.  11:58 a.m.  Witness:  USAF\
       airman/private pilot.  Five yellow discs made circular turns,\
       fluttered, three of them vanished, the other two flew erratic\
       square turns for a total of 4 minutes.\
\
       March 11, 1953; Hackettstown, New Jersey. 4 a.m. Witness:  Mrs.\
       Nina Cook, an experienced private pilot and wife of a Pan Am\
       flight engineer.  A large light, blinking at 10-15 times per\
       minute, moved up and down along a mountain range.\
\
       March 14, 1953; north of Hiroshima, Japan. 11:45 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  radar and visual observation by 10 crew members of\
       U.S. Navy P2V-5 patrol plane. Groups of 5-10 colored lights,\
       totalling 90-100, slowly moved aft off the left side of the\
       airplane, as detected visually and by airborne radar for 5\
       minutes.\
\
       March 21, 1953; Elmira, New York. 3:05 p.m. Witness:  Ground\
       Observer Corps observation post.  Six discs in a group flew high\
       and fast for a few seconds.\
\
       March 25, 1953; San Antonio, Texas. 3:05 p.m. Witnesses:  USAF\
       Capt. and Mrs. D.E. Cox. Several lights, some of which moved\
       straight, others which made 360^ turns for 1.5 hours.\
\
       March 27, 1953; Mt. Taylor, New Mexico. 7:25 p.m. Witness:\
       pilot of USAF F-86 jet fighter at 600 kts.  (700 m.p.h.).  One\
       bright orange circle flew at 800 kts.  (900 m.p.h.), and executed\
       three fast rolls.  Pilot chased object for 4 minutes.\
\
       March 29, 1953; Spooner, Wisconsin.  3:45 p.m.  Witness:  L.C.\
       Gillette. One aluminum, circular object flew high and fast,\
       twice reversing its course.  Note:  Mr. Gillette saw a similar\
       object in 1938.  Fifteen second sighting.\
\
       April 8, 1953; Fukuoka, Japan. 7:55 p.m.  Witness:  lst Lt. D.J.\
       Pichon, pilot of USAF F-94B jet interceptor.  One bright blue\
\
                                    32\
       light descended, accelerated, flew parallel to the F-94,\
       increased its speed and blinked out after 45 seconds.\
\
       April 15, 1953; Tucson, Arizona.  5:45 p.m.  Witness:  S/Sgt.\
       V.A. Locey. Three orange lights were seen for:  3 minutes, 30\
       seconds, and a few seconds.\
\
       May 1, 1953; Goose AFB, Labrador, Canada. 11:35 p.m. Witnesses:\
       pilot and radar operator of USAF F-94 jet interceptor, and\
       control tower operator.  One white light evaded interception\
       attempt by F-94 during 30 minute sighting.\
\
       May 27, 1953; San Antonio, Texas.  8:30 p.m.  Witnesses:  many\
       unidentified civilians, including Jacobson. Nine separate\
       meandering lights were seen during 15 minute sighting.\
\
       June 21, 1953; Naha, Okinawa. 7 p.m.  Witnesses:  Nine Japanese\
       and Okinawan weather observers. One unidentified light moved\
       slowly for 20 minutes.  No further data in files.\
\
       June 22, 1953; Goose AFB, Labrador, Canada. Z:lO a.m.\
       Witnesses:  pilot and radar operator of USAF F-94 jet\
       interceptor.  One red light, flying at an estimated 1,000 kts.\
       (1,100 m.p.h.) eluded the chasing F-94 after 5 minutes.\
\
       June 24, 1953; Iwo Jima, Bonin Islands. 11:30 p.m. Witnesses:\
       crew of USAF KB-29 aerial tanker plane.  Radar tracked an\
       unidentified target which twice approached to within .5 miles of\
       the airplane, and once to within 6 miles, during a 2 minute\
       observation.\
\
       June 24, 1953; Simiutak, Greenland.  11:30 a.m.  Witness:\
       weather observer A/2c R.A. Hill.  One red triangle hovered and\
       rotated for 15 seconds, then climbed for 5 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 3, 1953; Amarillo, Texas. 12:04 p.m.  Witness:  Airport\
       control tower chief C.S. Brown. One round and reflective or\
       translucent object flew straight, stopped for 7 seconds, sped\
       along, stopped again, was joined by a similar object and they\
       flew off in different directions, after a total of 56 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 20, 1953; near Castle AFB, California. 9:05 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  crew of TB-29 bomber/trainer plane.  One greyish oval\
       object made four passes at the airplane (three times at 10-20\
       miles distance), then dived vertically as if two objects.\
\
       Aug. 27, 1953; Greenville, Mississippi.  9:45 p.m.  Witnesses:\
       USAF pilot, M/Sgt., others, all on the ground.  One meandering\
       light was observed for 50 minutes.  No further details in file.\
\
       Sept. 2, 1953; Sidi Slimane AFB, French Morocco. 9:14 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  Lt. Col. William Moore and lst Lt. J.H. McInnis,\
\
                                     \
\
Dec. 24, 1953; El Cajon, California.  8:04 a.m.  Witnesses:  U.S.\
      Navy Lts. J.B. Howard and L.D. Linhard, flying F9F-2 jet\
      fighters.  Ten silver, oval objects flew at more than 400 kts.\
      (450 m.p.h.), straight and level, for 5 minutes.\
\
      Dec. 28, 1953; Marysville, California.  11:55 a.m.  Witness:\
      Yuba County Airport Manager Dick Brandt. One saucer, with a\
      brilliant blue light, reflecting on a nearby building, hovered\
      briefly during the 1.5 minute observation.\
\
      Jan. 28, 1954; Rangeley, Maine. 110-10:15 a.m.  Witness:  Wilhelm\
      Reich. Two bright lights moved into valley, and were seen\
      against the mountain background, for 15 minutes.\
\
      Feb. 26, 1954; Newburyport, Massachusetts. 2:30 p.m. Witnesses:\
      architect R.M. Pierce, marine engineer George Avery and one other\
      person.  One silver disc, with a white trail, made a loud roar\
      for 30-60 seconds.\
\
       March 2, 1954; vicinity of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. 10 p.m.\
       Witness:  research engineer R.C. Swengel. Three objects, each\
       with two lights, flew straight and level at medium speed for an\
       unknown length of time.\
\
       March 5, 1954; Nouasseur, French Morocco. 8 p.m. Witnesses:\
       crews of USAF KC-97 aerial tanker planes.  One object or light\
       made passes at KC-97s, the other flew straight and level.\
       Sighting duration unknown.\
\
       March 12, 1954; Nouasseur, French Morocco. 9:35 a.m. Witness:\
       USAF lst Lt. Robert Johnson, flying an F-86 jet fighter. He\
       chased an object at more than 530 m.p.h.  for 30 seconds, but was\
       unable to catch it.  It appeared to be the size of a fighter\
       plane but had neither tanks nor trails.\
\
       April 8, 1954; Chicago, Illinois.  4:30 p.m.  Witness:  Lelah\
       Stoker. One white round-topped disc, with a humanoid suspended\
       beneath it, skimmed over the water, landed, and an occupant in a\
       green suit walked around.  It then took off very, very fast.\
       Sighting lasted 30 minutes.\
\
       April 23, 1954; Pittsfield, Maine. 9:30 a.m. Witnesses:  Mr.\
       and Mrs. F.E. Robinson. One silver dollar-shaped object with a\
       dome and a flashing light made a sound like a swarm of bees.  It\
       hovered and tilted, flew horizontally, then rose vertically\
       without tilting.  Stones underneath it moved.  Four minute\
       sighting.\
\
       April 24, 1954; Hartland, Maine.  6:10 p.m.  Witness:  D.\
       Robinson. One large, silver, oblong object with a dome and a\
       flashing light flew straight and level and then straight up.\
       Total of 15 minutes under observation.\
\
                                      35\
       April 26, 1954; Athens, Georgia.  7:35 p.m.  Witnesses:  C.\
       Cartey, Mr. and Mrs. H. Hopkins and their daughter.  Fifteen to\
       twenty yellow objects in a V-formation, flew from south to north\
       for 10 seconds.\
\
       May 10, 1954; Elsinore, California.  12:40 p.m.  Witness:  U.S.\
       Marine Corps Squadron Leader D.R. Higgin, flying an F3D-2 jet\
       fighter.  One dark gunmetal delta-shaped object, 22' long and 10'\
       wide, with a fin on the top, descended at a 25-30' angle under\
       the lead airplane of a formation, and over the airplane of\
       Higgin. Sighting lasted a few seconds.\
\
       May 11, 1954; Washington, D.C. 10:45 p.m. Witnesses:  three\
       USAF.air policemen at Washington National Airport. Two bright\
       lights were seen on three occasions to fly straight and level,\
       make 90* turns and fade.  Each sighting lasted about 45 seconds.\
\
       May 22, 1954; LaPorte, Indiana.  9:15 p.m.  Witnesses:  highway\
       engineer R.W. Dring, engineer Geert Tibma. One bright light made\
       a shallow climb for 45 seconds.\
\
       May 31, 1954; Concord, New Hampshire.  10:15 a.m.  Witness:  Mrs.\
       L.K. Stevens. One very white, elongated object flew very, very\
       fast, and then blinked out after 8-10 seconds.\
\
       June 1, 1954; from 400 miles south to Minneapolis, Minnesota.\
       9 p.m.  Witnesses:  crew of USAF B-47 jet bomber at 34,000'\
       altitude.  One object with running lights flew at 24-44,000'\
       altitude for 1 hour.\
\
       June 8, 1954; Texarkana, Texas.  1 a.m.  or 2:30 a.m.  (file not\
       clear).  Witness:  L.T. Prewitt, employee of Red River Arsenal.\
       One golden yellow light flew over his house, making a "shhh" or\
       buzzing sound for 2 minutes.  9:09 p.m.  Witness:  USAF pilot\
                                 ht.  One white light descended at\
\
       June 10, 1954; Estacado, Texas.  9:09 p.m. Witness: USAF pilot\
       Capt. Bill McDonald, in flight. One white light descended at\
       45^ from great altitude, passed under his aircraft, made two\
       360' turns and went out after 30 seconds.\
\
       June 22, 1954; Miami Beach, Florida. 9 p.m. Witnesses: U.S.\
       Marine Corps Maj. E. Buchser and Maj. J.V. Wilkins. One meteor-\
       like object descended, stopped, and became extremely bright.\
       Sighting lasted 7 minutes.\
\
       June 24, 1954; Danvers, Massachusetts.  12:45 p.m.  Witness:\
       R.B. Tomer, director of commercial engineering for CBS-Hytron.\
       One white, elliptical-shaped object covered 45^ of sky in 30\
       seconds.\
\
\
\
                                    36\
\
\
       June 25, 1954; Indian Lake, Ohio. 5:05 p.m. Witnesses:\
       experienced private pilot John Mark, flying Navion lightplane;\
       radar at Dayton, Ohio airport, tracked very fast target at same\
       location.  One silver or aluminum round object with a flat\
       bottom, raised front edge, inverted cone on top, and a diameter\
       of about 60'.  Flew horizontally, hovered, made a high-G pull up\
       and then a steep climb into an overcast.  Sighting lasted 3-5\
       minutes.\
\
       July 18,     ; Normandy, Missouri.  8:40 p.m.  Witness:  A.T.\
       Chamblin. One greenish-white disc was seen for 30 minutes.\
\
       July 25, 1954; Middle Sister Island, on U.S.-Canadian border in\
       western Lake Erie. 7:12 p.m. Witness:  attorney L.B. Tussing.\
       One black cylinder, 12 times long as wide, moved fast along the\
       surface of the lake.\
\
       July 30, 1954; Los Angeles, California. 10:15 a.m. Witness:\
       Hughes Aircraft test pilots Englert and Peterson, flying a B-25\
       bomber.  One metallic, pencil-shaped object flew slowly or\
       hovered for an unstated length of time.\
\
       Aug. 2, 1954; Westlake, Ohio. 5:17 p.m.  Witness:  ex-AAF B-17\
       gunner (19 missions) N.E. Schroeder.  One thin, bright ellipse,\
       like polished metal, hovered for 5-8 seconds, dropped down 3,000'\
       in 3 seconds, hovered again and faded out after a total of 20\
       seconds in view.\
\
       Aug' 6, 1954; San Antonio, Texas.  6 p.m.  Witness:  mechanical\
       engineer L.H. Hormer. One intensely white elliptical light\
       changed to yellow, then orange, then pink, four or five times\
       while flying straight and level for 5 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 11, 1954; Yoron Jima, near Okinawa. 8:55 p.m. Witness:\
       P.L. Percharde, electrical engineer and assistant manager of\
       Moeller Shipwrecker Co., of Okinawa. A line of blue lights,\
       underneath.  a blue circle with a black center.  Flew over ship\
       and climbed, illuminating and agitating the clouds.\
\
       Aug. 15, 1954; San Marcos, Texas.  10:20 p.m.  Witnesses:  USAF\
       Maj. W.J. Davis, Capt. R.D. Sauers, flying a C-47 transport\
       plane.  One dark blue oblong object paced the C-47, veered away,\
       then crossed in front of it.  Five minute sighting.\
\
       Aug. 24, 1954; Egilstadir, Iceland.  8:30 p.m.  Witness:  one\
       unnamed farmer.  A cylinder, 2-2.5' long, 4-5' in diameter, made\
       a loud whizzing sound, flew straight and level fast, then slow,\
       then fell into sandbar.\
\
       Aug. 26, 1954; Danville, Virginia.  6:15 a.m.  Witness:  Rev.\
       W.L. Shelton. Two domed ellipses, 20' long, 8' thick, 10' at\
       ends; glowing silver or orange.  Hovered, then climbed side-by-\
\
                                    37\
        side while getting brighter.  Observed for 2 minutes.\
\
        Aug. 27, 1954; Dorchester, Massachusetts.  1 p.m.  Witness:  E.A.\
        Srazdes. Seven large, white, teardrop-shaped objects turned\
        blue.  Flew in line formation and increased speed during the 2\
        minute sighting.\
\
        Aug. 29, 1954; Prince Christian, Greenland. 11:05 a.m.\
        Witnesses:  lst Officer H.G. Gardner, engineer J.V.D. Whitisy,\
        flying Royal Dutch Airlines DC-4 (PH-DBZ). Three or four dark,\
        lens-shaped objects veered north and changed position in\
        formation during the 10 minute sighting.\
\
        Sept. 4, 1954; Butler, Missouri.  3 a.m.  Witness:  J.\
        Faltemeier, CAA communications specialist.  Twenty-thirty lights,\
        as if on a string, flew straight and level for 1.5 minutes.\
\
        Sept. 5, 1954; Butler, Missouri.  12:23 a.m.  Witness:  J.\
        Faltemeier, CAA communications specialist.  One silver or white\
        object with a slightly swept-back leading edge and a following\
        exhaust, flew straight and level, then veered southwest to south\
        after 30 seconds.\
\
        Sept. 18, 1954; Kimpo Air Base, Japan. 5:55 a.m. Witnesses:\
        two control tower operators, a weather forecaster and a weather\
        observer.  One round object, like polished aluminum, flew\
        straight and level for 11-13 minutes.\
\
        Sept. 21, 1954; Barstow, California.  1 a.m.  Witnesses:  two\
        local policemen, four U.S. Marine Corps police, one highway\
        patrolman.  One red-orange ball giving off sparks, and a smaller\
        light, made a zigzag descent and then hovered.  Total of 20\
        minutes.\
\
        Sept. 21, 1954; Santa Maria, Azores Islands. 9:45 p.m. Witness:\
        airport guard.  One 10'x5' light metallic blue, pecan-shaped\
        object with a clear glass or plastic nose having a door, and with\
        poles or aerials on the nose.  Humming or whining, it hovered,\
        landed vertically, 50' away.  A blond man, 5' 10" tall appeared,\
        spoke in a strange language, patted the guard on the shoulder,\
        got in the object, hooked up his harness, pushed a button, took\
        off with the object's nose pointed up, then levelled off and\
        climbed vertically.  Sighting lasted 2-3 minutes.\
\
        Sept. 22, 1954; Marshfield, Missouri. 9 a.m. Witnesses:\
        private pilot J.N. Williams, E.J. Ash. A thin, translucent tan\
        asymmetrical boomerang-shaped object revolved, then tumbled down\
        behind some trees.  Marks were found in the dirt.  Sighting\
        lasted 15 minutes.\
\
\
\
                                     38\
       Sept. 23, 1954; Gatlinburg, Tennessee. 9:45 a.m. Witness:  Dave\
       Owenby. Two bright silver, wheel-shaped objects flew from north\
       to south in trail for 2 minutes.\
\
       Oct. 13, 1954; Nouasseur, French Morocco. 10:05 a.m. Witness:\
       weather observer, following a balloon with his theodolite.  One\
       round, flat, silver object flew straight and level for 30\
       seconds.\
\
       Oct. 15, 16 and 17, 1954; Kingfisher, Oklahoma. 8:45 p.m. Fifty\
       objects with illuminated bottoms were seen flying in a\
       V-formation, very fast, on successive nights.  Only data is on\
       summary card.\
\
       Oct. 28, 1954; Miho Air Base, Japan. 5:32 p.m. Witnesses:  USAF\
       pilots Lt. Col. O.C. Cook and Lt. J.W. Brown, on ground using\
       7x50 binoculars.  One brilliant white, round-oval object climbed\
       in front of clouds, brightened, turned 90 to the north.  Seen\
       for 45 seconds.\
\
       Oct. 29, 1954; Terciera Islands, Azores. 9 p.m. Witnesses:\
       four Portuguese nationals. One object, shaped like a stovepipe\
       with a center bulge and short wings (10' long, 3' in diameter, 3'\
       wings) having concave wingtips, and grey colored.  Made a\
       gargling sound when hovering, then disappeared in the glare of\
       airplane landing lights.  Sighting lasted 4-5 minutes.\
\
       Nov. 15, 1954; Augusta, Maine. 44 p.m.  Witness:  N. Gallant,\
       manager of radio station WFAV. Ten gold, circular objects flew\
       in vertical V-formation, straight and level for 3 minutes.\
\
       Nov. 19, 1954; Corvallis, Oregon.  4:15 p.m.  Witness:  P.J.\
       Gunn, assistant professor of art at Oregon State University and\
       ex-U.S. Navy aviation cadet. One bright white light hovered\
       8.5-9 minutes, then crossed 20 of sky in 3-3.5 minutes.\
\
       Nov. 28, 1954; Manilla, Phillipine Islands. 10:50 a.m. Witness:\
       one anonymous medical doctor.  One flat-bottomed, domed object\
       (65-70' across, 18-20' high), bright orange with yellow discs\
       attached and an exhaust trail.  Flew north, stopped, reversed its\
       course during 4 minute sighting.\
\
       Dec. 3, 1954; Gulfport, Mississippi  12:12 p.m.  Witnesses:  Mr.\
       and Mrs. S.P. Mellen. One translucent grey, round, flat object\
       rotated on its vertical axis at high r.p.m.  for 30 seconds.\
\
       Dec. 7, 1954; Cape Province, South Africa. 1:15 p.m. Witness:\
       weather officer, using a theodolite.  One white, semi-circular,\
       flat object with a dome flew from west to east, then turned\
       north.  Sighting lasted 7 minutes.\
\
\
\
                                    39\
       Jan, 1, 1955; Cochise, New Mexico.  6:44 a.m.  Witnesses:\
       instructor and student pilot in USAF B-25 bomber/trainer. A\
       metallic disc, shaped like two pie pans face-to-face, and 120-\
       130' in diameter, paced the B-25, showing both its edge and its\
       face, for 5-7 minutes.  Only item in case file was summary form.\
\
       Jan. 26, 1955; Lakeland, Florida.  6:15 p.m.  Witness:  J.M.\
       Holland. A black smoke trail made a circle.  There was an\
       explosion and some objects fell.  No further information in file.\
\
       Feb.l, 1955; 20 miles east of Cochise, New Mexico. 7:55 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  Instructor Capt. D.F. Ritzdorf, aviation cadet F.W.\
       Miller in TB-25 bomber/trainer.  One red and white ball hovered\
       off the left wing of the TB-25 for 5 minutes, then made a very\
       fast climb.  Total time of sighting was 8 minutes.\
\
       Feb. 2, 1955; Miramar Naval Air Station, California. 11:50 a.m.\
       Witness:  USN Cmdr. J.L. Ingersoll.  One highly polished sphere,\
       with reddish-brown coloring, fell, then instantly accelerated to\
       1,000-1,500 m.p.h.\
\
       Feb. 10, 1955; Bethesda, Maryland.  10:03 p.m.  Witness:  E.J.\
       Stein, model maker at U.S. Navy ship design facility. One\
       object, shaped like a small portion of the bottom of the Moon,\
       with a radiant yellow color, hovered for 30 seconds.  Its bottom\
       changed to a funnel shape.  Total sighting lasted 1.5-2 minutes.\
\
       April 30, 1955; Travis County, Texas. 7:30 a.m. Witness   USAF\
       Wing Intelligence Officer Maj. L..J. Pagozalski. Four black\
       objects in a cluster made a whooshing sound like a zephyr.\
       Sighting lasted 2-3 seconds.\
\
       May 4, 1955; Keflavik, Iceland. 12:38 p.m.  Witnesses:  Lt. Col.\
       E.J. Stealy, lst Lt. J.W. Burt. About 10 round, white objects,\
       one of which left a brief smoke trail, flew in an irregular\
       formation, some of them making erratic movements during the 5-8\
       second sighting.\
\
       May 23, 1955; Cheyenne, Wyoming.  Midnight. Witnesses:  USAF\
       Airman/Basic I.J. Shapiro and E.C. Ingber. During a 5 minute\
       period, two slender, vertical rectangles were seen low on the\
       horizon, and two ovals with tops (dark, with dark blue\
       illumination) flew higher.\
\
\
\
       July 29, 1955; Columbus, Nebraska.  10:45 p.m.  Witness:  Morrice\
       Raymond. Four orange flashing lights and one whIte flashing\
       light moved up and down like yo-yos for 5-6 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 11, 1955; Iceland. 11:45 a.m.  Witness:  2nd Lt. E.J.\
       Marlow. Twelve grey objects, from cigar to egg-shaped, varied\
\
\
their formation from elliptical to wavy line to scattered to\
       straight line to trail formation.  Speed varied from hover to\
       1,000 m.p.h.  Sighting lasted 3-4 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 23, 1955; Arlington, Virginia.  10:45 a.m.  Witness:  G.M.\
       Park, using a 400x telescope. Several orange lights moved singly\
       or in groups, circling and stopping during 30 minute sighting.\
\
       Sept. 3, 1955; Bellingham, Washington.  Witness:  observer\
       Saunders for Ground Observer Corps. One white pinhead moved\
       slowly across 30^ of sky in 15 minutes.  No further information.\
\
       Sept. 7, 1955; Washington, D.C. Witnesses:  two photographers,\
       one plate maker for the Army Map Service (one named Smith). One\
       glowing round object flew an arc for 1 minute.\
\
       Sept. 9, 1955; near Alcoa, Tennessee.  12 noon.  Witness:  M.N.\
       Dawkins, using binoculars. One brown, almost square object flew\
       with a circular motion for 10-15 minutes.\
\
       Oct. 8, 1955; Loogootee, Indiana.  4:38 p.m.  Witnesses:  R.D.\
       Prather, H. Ahern. One round, silver or white object flew\
       straight and level at more than 1,000 m.p.h.  for an unstated\
       length of time.\
\
       Oct. 11, 1955; Pt. Lookout, Maryland. 4 p.m. Witnesses:  B.\
       Hale, A. Ostrom. One round object which looked white in the\
       daylight and turned red with sparks toward the end of the 2.5\
       hour sighting, made a deep roar, unlike an aircraft.\
\
       Nov. 17, 1955; St. Louis, Missouri.  6:10 a.m.  Witness:  J.A.\
       Mapes. Twelve round, flat objects, silver on top and dark on the\
       bottom, flew in 4-deep formation, tipping in pitch and roll, for\
       45 seconds.\
\
       Nov. 20, 1955; Lake City, Tennessee.  5:20 p.m.  Witnesses:\
       Operations Officer Capt. B.G. Denkler and five men of the USAF\
       663rd AC&W Sqdn. Two oblong, bright orange, semi-transparent\
       objects flew at terrific speed and erratically, toward and away\
       from each other.  Observed by various persons form 4 to 15\
       minutes.\
\
       Nov. 25, 1955; La Veta, Colorado.  10:30 a.m.  Witness:  State\
       Senator S.T. Taylor. One dirigible-shaped object (fat front,\
       tapered toward the tail) object, which was luminous green-blue\
       and jellylike, appeared overhead diving at a 45' angle,\
       then reduced angle to 30'.  Object seen for 5 seconds.\
\
       Dec. 21, 1955; Caribou, Maine. 111 p.m.  Witness:  Roberta V.\
       Jacobs. One round, very bright gold, domed disc made a short\
       climb, rotated, hovered and then accelerated during the 6-8\
       minute sighting.\
\
                                     41\
       Feb. 12, 1956; Goose Bay, Labrador, Canada. 11:25 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  F-89 pilot Bowen, radar observer Crawford. One green\
       and red object rapidly circled the aircraft while being tracked\
       on radar during 1 minute sighting.  No further details.\
\
       Feb, 19, 1956; Houston, Texas. 6:07 a.m.  Witnesses:  crew of\
       Eastern Airlines Super Constellation.  One intense white light,\
       moving 4-5 times the speed of the airplane, was evaded by the\
       pilot.\
\
       April 4, 1956; McKinney, Texas. 3:15 p.m.  Witnesses:  Capt. Roy\
       Hall, U.S. Army, ret.; Charles Anderson and others; some observed\
       through a 6" telescope, others through a 55-200x telescope.  One\
       fat, oblong object with two lines around its middle, remained\
       stationary for 6 hours.\
\
       June 6, 1956; Banning, California.  5:30 a.m.  Witness:  Mr.\
       Bierman. One thin disc with a small dome, shimmering silver,\
       hovered about 100 yards away for 8-10 seconds, then zoomed up.\
\
       Aug. 8, 1956; 20 miles south of Quartsite, Arizona. ll p.m.\
       Witnesses:  attorneys W.B. Buttermore and J.W. Smith. One\
       blue-white pulsating light flew fast, straight and level, for 5-7\
       minutes.\
\
       Aug. 27, 1956; Juniata, Pennsylvania.  9:55 p.m.  Witness:  Mrs.\
       R.S. Pope. One bright disc with a clear dome flew vertically,\
       then north.  A very cold breeze seemed to have been originated by\
       the object during the 3 minute sighting.\
\
       Sept. 4, 1956; Dallas, Texas. 9 p.m.  Witnesses:  U.S. Marine\
       Corps T/Sgt. R.D. Rogers and family.  One large star, changing to\
       red color, remained stationary for 20 minutes, then went west at\
       200 kts.  (230 m.p.h.).  Sighting lasted 23 minutes.\
\
      Sept. 14, 1956; Highland, North Carolina. 1 a.m. Witness:\
       Scaly, N. Car. policeman O.S. Gryman. Fourteen yellow-to-red\
       round objects with tremendous exhaust, flew in a Vague formation\
       from southwest to east to northeast and back again, while\
       swoooping up and down.  Sighting lasted 1.5 hours.\
\
       Nov. 1, 1956; 60 miles east of St. Louis, Missouri, in Illinois.\
       5:30 p.m.  Witness:  USAF Capt. W..M. Lyons, Intelligence Division\
       Chief (Aerial Weather Reconnaissance Officer), flying a T-33 jet\
       trainer.  One orange light with a blue tinge, flew across the sky\
       for 2 minutes.\
\
       Nov. 30, 1956; Charleston AFB, South Carolina. 12:48 p.m.\
       Witness:  USAF aerial navigator Maj. D.D. Grimes. One\
       unspecified object flew at an estimated 100' altitude over water\
       for 10 minutes.  No further details.\
\
                                     42\
       Dec. 31, 1956; Guam. 2:10 a.m.  Witness:  USAF lst Lt. Ted\
       Brunson, flying an F-86D jet interceptor.  One round, white\
       object flew under the F-86D, which was unable to turn as sharply\
       as the object.\
\
       April 25, 1957; Ringgold, Louisiana.  Military witness\
       Robertson. Case missing from official files.\
\
       June 12,     ; Milan, Italy. 7:30 p.m.  Witness:  G.U. Donadio,\
       translator for export-import firm.  One object "big as a hen's\
       egg" flew very fast, zigzagged, hovered and revolved, then shot\
       up after 17 minutes.\
\
       July 27 or 29, 1957; Longmont, Colorado. Early morning.\
       Witness:  J.L. Siverly. One thick disc, ice blue, with a top\
       like honeycomb (interconnected hexagons), hovered and rocked\
       below the hill tops for 10 minutes.  Middle band was scalloped,\
       bottom had four kidney-shaped forms.\
\
       July 29, 1957; Cleveland, Ohio.  10:31 p.m.  Witnesses:  Capital\
       Airlines Capt. R.L. Stimley, First Officer F.J. Downing. One\
       large, round, yellow-white object dimmed once, crossed the bow of\
       the airliner, which then gave chase but was unable to catch it.\
       Sighting last 8 minutes.\
\
       July 29, 1957; Oldsmar, Florida.  11:45 a.m.  Witness:  E.E.\
       Henkins. One pale yellow fireball glided into the water and\
       exploded.  Viewed for 1 minute.\
\
       Sept. 20, 1957; Kadena AFB, Okinawa. 8 p.m. Witnesses:  S/Sgt.\
       H.T. O'Connor, S/Sgt. H.D. Bridgeman. One object, shaped like a\
       coke bottle without the neck, translucent and fluorescent.  Made\
       four 5-10 second passes from north to south, with 4-5 minutes\
       between passes.\
\
       Oct. 8, 1957; Seattle, Washington.  9:17 a.m.  Witnesses:  two\
       U.S. Army sergeants. Two flat, round, white objects flew in\
       trail formation along an irregular path, frequently banking\
       during 25-30 seconds.\
\
       Nov. 6, 1957; Radium Springs, New Mexico. 10:50 p.m. Witnesses:\
       one Las Cruces policeman, one Dona Ana County Deputy Sheriff.\
       One round object--changing from red to green to blue to white--\
       rose vertically from a mountain top.  Sighting lasted 10 minutes.\
\
       Nov. 8, 1957; Merrick, Long Island, New York. l0:10 a.m.\
       Witness:  Mrs. L. Dinner. One bar-shaped object, 3.5' long,\
       giving off blue flashes, made a swishing sound.  No further data.\
\
       Nov. 26, 1957; Robins AFB, Georgia. 10:07 a.m. Witnesses:\
       three control tower operators, one weather observer and four\
\
                                     43\
       others.  One silver, cigar-shaped object suddenly vanished after\
       8 minutes.\
\
       Nov. 30, 1957; New Orleans, Louisiana. 2:11 p.m. Witnesses:\
       three U.S. Coast Guardsmen. One round object turned white, then\
       gold, then separated into three parts and turned red.  Sighting\
       lasted 20 minutes.\
\
       Dec. 13, 1957; Col Anahuac, Mexico. 9:35 a.m. Witness:  R.C.\
       Cano. Fourteen-fifteen circular, tapered discs, very bright,\
       flew in a formation like a stack of coins, then changed to an\
       inverted-V formation. Sighting lasted 20 minutes.\
\
       Dec. 17, 1957; near Grand Junction, Colorado. 7:20 p.m.\
       Witness:  F.G. Hickman, 17. One round object changed from yellow\
       to white to green to red; red tail was twice as long as the body.\
       It stopped, started, backed up for 45 minutes.\
\
       March 14, 1958; Healdsburg, California. 8:45 a.m. Witnesses:\
       Mr. and Mrs. W.F. Cummings and one other.  A 3' round, black\
       object touched the ground and then took off.  Watched for 2\
       minutes.\
\
       April 14, 1958; Lynchburg, Virginia.  1 p.m.  Witness:  USAF Maj.\
       D.G. Tilley, flying C-47 transport.  One grey-black rectangular\
       object rotated very slowly on its horizontal axis for 4 seconds.\
\
       May 9, 1958; Bohol Island, Phillipine Islands. 11:05 a.m.\
       Witness:  Phillipine Airlines pilot.  One object with a shiny,\
       metallic surface was falling and spinning for 1.5 minutes.\
\
       June 14, 1958; Pueblo, Colorado.  10:46 a.m.  Witness:  airport\
       weather observer O.R. Foster, using a theodolite.  An object\
       shaped like Saturn, less the bottom part; silver with no metallic\
       luster, flew overhead for 5 minutes.\
\
\
       June 20 ,1958; Ft. Bragg, North Carolina. 11:05 p.m. Witness:\
       Battalion Communication Chief SFC A. Parsley. One silver,\
       circular object, its lower portion seen through a green haze,\
       hovered, then oscillated slightly, then moved at great speed.\
       Watched for 10 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 17, 1958; Warren, Michigan. 7:05 p.m.  Witness:  A.D.\
       Chisholm. One extremely bright object shaped first like a bell,\
       then like a saucer, hovered for 5 minutes, flipped over and sped\
       away to the west-south-west.  Sighting lasted 6-10 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 1, 1958; Wheelus AFB, Libya. 12:15 a.m. Witness:  Philco\
       technical representative A.M. Slaton. One round, blue-white\
       object flew at varying speeds.  First sighting lasted 2 minutes,\
       second lasted 1.5 minutes.\
\
\
                                     44\
       Oct. 2, 1958; Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania.  2:30 p.m.  Witness:\
       naturalist Ivan Sanderson. One dull-grey object, shaped like a\
       pickle with a flat bottom, flew erratically and made loops for 15\
       seconds.\
\
       Oct. 27, 1958; Lock Raven Dam, Maryland. 10:30 p.m. Witnesses:\
       Phillip Small, Alvin Cohen. One large, flat egg-shaped object\
       affected a car's electrical system and caused a burning sensation\
       on one of its occupants.  Sighting lasted 1 minute.\
\
       Nov. 3, 1958; Minot, North Dakota.  2:01 p.m.  Witness:  M/Sgt.\
       William R. Butler, medic. One bright green object, shaped like a\
       10 cent piece, and one smaller, silver round object.  First\
       object exploded, then second object moved toward the location of\
       the first at high speed.  Sighting lasted 1 minute.\
\
       March 26 or 27, 1959; Corsica, Pennsylvania. 12:45 p.m.\
       Witness:  T.E. Clark. One dark red, barrel-shaped object, 20'\
       long, 6-7' high, descended below some trees during the 3 minute\
       sighting.\
\
       June 18, 1959; Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. 9:30 p.m. Witnesses:\
       A. Cavelli and R. Blessin, using 7x binoculars.  One brown,\
       cigar-shaped object came from below the horizon (close to the\
       witnesses) ascending to 40-50^ above the horizon in 4 minutes.\
\
       June 30, 1959; Patuxent River NAS, Maryland. 8:23 p.m. Witness:\
       USN Cdr. D. Connolly. One gold, oblate-shaped object, nine times\
       as wide as it was thick, metallic and with sharp edges, flew\
       straight and level for 20-30 seconds.\
\
       July 25, 1959; Irondequoit, New York. 1 p.m. Witness:\
       technical illustrator W.D. Neva.  One thin, crescent moon-shaped\
       object with a small white dome in the center, flew at tremendous\
       speed for 5-10 seconds.\
\
       Aug. 10, 1959; Goose AFB, Labrador, Canada. 1:28 a.m. Witness:\
       Royal Canadian Air Force pilot Flt. Lt. M.S. Mowat, on ground.\
       One large star-like light crossed 53* of sky in 25 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 13, 1959; Gills Rock, Wisconsin. 1:05 a.m. Witness:  R.H.\
       Daubner. One round yellow light, with eight blue lights within\
       it, and then five larger red lights, flew very fast vertically\
       while making a pulsating jet noise.  Sighting lasted 10 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 13, 1959; Bunker Hill AFB, Indiana. 4 p.m. Witnesses:  at\
       least two control tower operators and the pilot of a Mooney\
       private airplane.  One pear-shaped object, colored white, cream,\
       and metallic, with a trail under it.  Object showed little\
       movement during 3 hours.  Attempted intercept by USAF T-33 jet\
       trainer failed.\
\
\
                                    45\
       Oct. (3rd or 4th week), 1959; Telephone Ridge, Oregon. 9:15 p.m.\
       Witness:  department store manager C.A. Cissman. One bright\
       light approached, hovered about 30 minutes, and then was up and\
       gone in 2 seconds.\
\
       Oct. 4, 1959; Quezon, Phillipine Islands. 9:25 p.m. Witnesses:\
       USN Lt. C.H. Pogson, CPO K.J. Moore. One large round or oval\
       object, changing from red to red-orange, flew straight and level\
       for 15 minutes.\
\
       Oct. 6, 1959; Lincoln, Nebraska.  8:15 p.m.  Witnesses:  Lt. Col.\
       L. Liggett (Selective Service) and wife.  One round, white-yellow\
       light made several abrupt turns and flew very fast for 2 minutes.\
\
       Oct. 19. 1959; P]ainvjlle!  Kansas.  9:25 p.m.  Witness:  Capt.\
       F.A. Henney, engineering instructor at USAF Academy, flying a\
       T-33 jet trainer. One bright yellowish light came head-on at the\
       T-33, the pilot avoided it and the light dimmed.  Sighting lasted\
       30 seconds.\
\
       Nov. 18, 1959; Crystal Springs, Mississippi. 6:25 p.m.\
       Witness:  J.M. Porter. A row of red lights flew slow, then\
       speeded up immensely.  Sighting lasted 5-6 minutes.\
\
       Feb. 27, 1960; Rome AFB, New York. 6:27 p.m. Witnesses:\
       control tower officer Capt. J. Huey and four other tower\
       operators.  One light trailing a white fan shape, made a mild\
       descent for 3-4 minutes. 5:55 p.m.  Witness:  Charles\
\
       March 4, 1960; Dubuque, Iowa. 5:5\
\
       Morris. Three elliptical-shaped objects made a slight climb for\
       4 minutes.  Film exposed during sighting showed no images of the\
       objects.\
\
       March 23, 1960; Indianapolis, Indiana. 3:35 a.m. Witnesses:\
       Mr. and Mrs. E.I. Larsen. A series of balls, arranged like an\
       "X" with one diagonal line, seen for 3/4 of a minute.  Note:\
       little data on the case in the files.\
\
       April 12, 1960; LaCamp, Louisiana.  9 p.m.  Witness:  Monroe\
       Arnold. One fiery-red disc exploded four or five times.\
       Analysis of paint samples from explosion proved inconclusive.\
       Sighting lasted 2-3 seconds.\
\
       April 17, 1960; Richards-Gebauer AFB, Missouri. 8:29 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  USAF Maj. J.G. Ford and Link representative A.\
       Chapdelaine, using a 48x telescope.  One reddish glow made an odd\
       orbit for 2.5 minutes.\
\
       April 25, 1960; Shelby, Montana.  7-10 p.m.  Witness:  Mrs. M.\
       Clark. Five circular objects flew in trail formation, hovered\
\
\
                                     46\
       and accelerated and made sharp turns.  Case file includes other\
       reports from Mrs. Clark for previous 3 years.\
\
       July 19, 1960; St. Louis, Missouri.  8:30 p.m.  Witness:  T.L.\
       Ochs. One round, bright red light flew overhead, stopped and\
       hovered, and then backed up.  Sighting lasted 20 minutes. Note:\
       Ochs reported similar sightings on three following nights.\
\
       Aug. 23, 1960; Wichita, Kansas. 3::24 a.m.  Witness:  Boeing\
       aeronautical engineer C.A. Komiske.  One round object with yellow\
       lights coming from what looked like three triangular windows at\
       bottom.  Object was dull orange.  Flew in an arc for 2 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 29, 1960; Crete, Illinois. 4:05 p.m.  Witness:  farmer Ed\
       Schneeweis. One shiny, round, silver object flew straight up\
       very fast for 18 seconds.\
\
       Sept. 10, 1960; Ridgecrest, California. 9:50 p.m. Witnesses:\
       Mr. and Mrs. M.G. Evans. Two light gray glowing objects, saucer\
       or boomerang-shaped, which swished when accelerating.  Seen 1-2\
       seconds each.\
\
       Oct. 5, 1960; Mt. Kisko, New York. 7:37 p.m. Witness:  E.G.\
       Crossland. One bright, star-like light moved across 120^ of sky\
       in 20 seconds.\
\
       Nov. 27, 1960; Chula Vista, California. 7:30 p.m. Witnesses:\
       Mr. and Mrs. L.M. Hart. One orange-red point of light made huge\
       circles and stopped during the 20-30 minute sighting.\
\
       Nov. 29, 1960; south of Kyushu, Japan. 6:38 p.m. Witnesses:\
       USAF Lt. Col. R.L. Blwlin (sp?) and Maj. F.B. Brown, flying a\
       T-33 jet trainer. One white light 8lowed and paralleled the\
       course of the T-33 for 10 minutes.\
\
       Feb, 27, 1961; Bark River, Michigan. 10:15 p.m. Witness:  Mrs.\
       LaPalm. One fiery-red, round object, preceded by light rays,\
       slowed and descended, while her dog howled.  Sighting lasted 10\
       minutes.\
\
       Spring, 1961; Kemah, Texas. Case missing from official files.\
\
       April 24, 1961; 200 miles SW of San Francisco, California (35'\
       50' N., 125' 40 W.). 3:34 a.m.  Witnesses:  aircraft commander\
       Capt. H.J. Savoy and navigator lst Lt. M.W. Rand, on USAF RC-l2lD\
       patrol plane.  One reddish-white, round object or light, similar\
       to satellite.  Observed for 8 minutes.\
\
       May 22, 1961; Tyndall AFB, Florida. 4:30 p.m. Witnesses:  Mrs.\
       A.J. Jones and Mrs. R.F. Davis.  One big silver dollar disc\
       hovered and revolved, then suddenly disappeared after 15 minutes.\
\
\
                                     47\
       June 2, 1961; Miyako Jima, Japan. 10:17 P.m. Witnesses:  lst\
       Lt. R.N. Monahan and Hazeltine Electric Co. technical\
       representative D.W. Mattison. One blue-white light flew erratic\
       course at varying speed, in an arc-like path for 5 minutes.\
\
       July 7, 1961; Copemish, Michigan.  11 p.m.  Witness:  waitress\
       Nannette Hilley. One large ball flew slow, split into four after\
       45 minutes.  Four flew close formation, descended and flew away\
       to the west.  Total sighting lasted 1 hour.\
\
       July ll, 1961; Springfield, Ohio. 7:45 p.m. Witnesses:  ex-air\
       navigator G. Scott, Mrs. Scott, and neighbors.  One round, bright\
       light like shiny aluminum, passed overhead in 20 minutes.\
\
       July 20, 1961; Houston, Texas. 88 a.m.  Witnesses:  Trans-Texas\
       Airlines Capt. A.V. Beather, flying DC-3, plus vague report from\
       ground radar.  Two very bright white light or objects flew in\
       trail formation for 30 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 12, 1961; Kansas City, Kansas. 9 p.m. Witnesses:  college\
       seniors J.B. Furkenhoff and Tom Phipps. One very large oval\
       object with a fin extending from one edge to the center; like a\
       sled with lighted car running boards.  Hovered at 50' altitude\
       for 3-5 minutes, then flew straight up and east.\
\
       Nov. 21, 1961; Oldtown, Florida.  7:30 p.m.  Witnesses:  C.\
       Locklear and Helen Hatch. One round, red-orange object flew\
       straight up and faded after 3-4 minutes.\
\
       Nov. 23, 1961; Sioux City, Iowa. 9:30 p.m. Witness:  F.\
       Braunger. One bright red star flew straight and level for 15\
       minutes.\
\
       Dec. 13, 1961; Washington, D.C. 5:05 p.m. Witnesses:  C.F.\
       Muncy, ex-U.S. Navy pilot W.J. Myers, and G. Weber. One dark\
       diamond-shaped object with a bright tip flew straight and level\
       for 1-3 minutes.\
\
       Feb. 25, 1962; Kotzbue, Alaska. 7:20 p.m.  Witnesses:  one U.S.\
       Army private, six anonymous civilians.  One red light, trailed 30\
       seconds later by a blue light.  Sighting lasted 5 minutes.\
\
       March l, 1962; Salem, New York.  10:35 p.m.  Witness:  Mrs. L.\
       Doxsey, 66. One gold-colored box, 12-14"x3-4", flew straight and\
       level across the horizon for 3-4 minutes.\
                                                      .\
\
       March 26, 1962; Ramstein Air Base, West Germany. 1:35 p.m.\
       Witness:  USAF Capt. J.M. Lowery, from an unspecified aircraft.\
       One thin, cylindrical object--l/3 snout, 2/3 tail fins--flew at\
       an estimated Mach 2.7 (2,000 m.p.h.) for 5-8 seconds.\
\
\
\
                                    48\
      March 26, 1962; Naperville, Illinois. 11:40 p.m. Witnesses:\
      Mrs. D. Wheeler, Claudine Milligan.  Six or eight red balls,\
      arranged in a rectangular formation, became two objects with\
      lights by the end of the 15 minute sighting.\
\
      March 26, 1962; Westfield, Massachusette.  10:45 p.m.  Witnesses:\
      many unidentified young people.  One large red ball flew or fell\
      down, then went back up during 3-10 minute sighting.  Note:  May\
      26?\
\
\
       April 4, 1962; Wurtland, Kentucky.  0150Z. Witnesses:  G.R.\
       Wells and J. Lewis, using 117x telescope.  One small object\
       changing brightness, gave off smoke but remained stationary like\
       a comet for 6 minutes. Case missing from official files.\
\
\
\
       June 21, 1962; Indianapolis, Indiana. 4 a.m. Witnesses:  Lt.\
       Col. H. King and tail gunner M/Sgt. Roberts, aboard a B-52 heavy\
       jet bomber.  Three bright, star-like lights:  one seen; 10\
       seconds later, two more were seen.  Total sighting took 3\
       minutes.\
\
       June 30, 1962; Richmond, Virginia.  9 a.m.  Witness:  13 year old\
       Meadors. One red, star-like light seen for an unspecified length\
       of time.  No further details in files.\
\
       July 19, 1962. Bayhead, New Jersey. 9:30 p.m. Witnesses:  C.T.\
       Loftus, H. Wilbert. Four or five lights darted about the sky for\
       7-10 minutes.\
\
       July 29, 1962; Ocean Springs, Mississippi. 11:20 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  Mr. and Mrs. M.O. Barton. One bright cherry-red,\
       diamond-shaped object flew slow, hovered, made fast 1/2 loops for\
       l0 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 18, 1962; Bermuda. 5 p.m. Witnesses:  owner M. Sheppard\
       and chief announcer A. Seymour of radio station.  Three\
       dull-white, egg-shaped objects wavered as they moved for 20\
       minutes.\
\
       Sept. 21, 1962; WSW of Biloxi, Mississippi, in the Gulf of\
       Mexico. 7:37 p.m. Witness:  fishing boat captain S.A. Guthrie.\
       Two objects, red and black with orange streaks, one as big as the\
       Moon, and the other smaller. Arced across the sky for 13\
       minutes.\
\
       Oct. 23, 1962; Farmington, Utah. 3 p.m. Witness:  R.O.\
       Christensen. One grey and silver ball, trailing what looked like\
       twine with two knots in it, swerved, and climbed away at a 45'\
       angle, making a sound like a flock of ducks (rushing air).\
       Twenty seconds.\
\
                                    49\
       Nov. 17, 1962; Tampa, Florida. 99 p.m.  Witness:  F.L. Swindale,\
       college graduate and ex-USMC Capt. Three bright star-like lights\
       approached, hovered and bounced, then faded after 11-15 minutes.\
\
       May 18, 1953; New Plymouth, New Zealand. 10:30 p.m. Witness:\
       C.S. Chapman, 15. One white, fuzzy, flashing light hovered and\
       darted around for 4 minutes.\
\
       May 22, 1963; Pequannock, New Jersey. 10:45 p.m. Witness:  Myra\
       Jackson. Four pink wheels spun or rolled very fast from east to\
       west in succession, each taking about 1 second.\
\
       June 15, 1963; 200 miles north of Venezuela (14* 27' N., 69* 57'\
       E.). 10:39 a.m. Witness:  3rd Mate R.C. Chamberlin, of S/\
       Thetis. One luminous disc travelled at 1.5 times the speed of\
       satellite for 3-4 minutes.\
\
       Summer, 1963; Middletown, New York. 9:30 or 10 p.m. Witness:\
       Grace Dutcher. Eight-ten lights moved at random, then in an oval\
       formation, then singly, during the 1 minute sighting.\
\
       July 1, 1963; Glen Ellyn, Illinois.  8 p.m.  Witness:  R.B.\
       Stiles, ll, using a theodolite. One light, the size of a match\
       head at arm's length, flashed and moved around the sky for 1.5\
       hours.\
\
       Aug. 11, 1963; Warrenville, Illinois. 10 p.m. Witness:  R.M.\
       Boersma. One light moved around the sky for 20 seconds.\
\
       Aug. 13, 1963; St. Gallen, Switzerland.  8:04 p.m.  Witness:\
       A.F. Schelling. One fireball became a dark object after 4\
       minutes, and then a bigger glow, a minute later, and finally\
       exploded.  Note:  same witness had another, undescribed, sighting\
       on Aug. 14\
\
       Sept. 14, 1963; Susanville, California. 3:15 p.m. Witness:\
       E.A. Grant, veteran of 37 years training forest fire lookouts for\
       the U.S. Forest Service. One round object intercepted a long\
       object and either attached itself to the latter or disappeared.\
       Sighting lasted l0 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 15, 1963; Vandalia, Ohio. 66 p.m.  Witness:  Mrs. F.E.\
       Roush. Two very bright gold objects--one shaped like a banana\
       and the other like an ear of corn--one remained stationary, the\
       other moved from west to north during 10 minutes,\
\
       Oct. 4, 1963; Bedford, Ohio. 3:32 p.m.  Witness:  R.E.\
       Carpenter, 15. One intense oblong light with tapered ends and\
       surrounded by an aqua haze, flashed and flickered while\
       stationary for 15 seconds.\
\
\
                                  \
Oct. 23, 1963; Meridian, Idaho. 8:35 p.m.  Witnesses:  several\
       unnamed students, including Gordon. One object shaped like a\
       circle from below and like a football from the side, hovered low\
       over the observers, making a deep, pulsating, loud, extremely\
       irritating sound, for 6 minutes.\
\
       Oct. 24, 1963; Cupar Fife, Scotland.  No time given. Witnesses:\
       A. McLean (12) and G. McLean (8).  One light moved for an\
       unspecified length of time.  No further details in files. Note:\
       Project Blue Book chief Maj. H. Quintanilla told the youngsters,\
       in a letter, that this was "one of the most complete" of the\
       unexplained cases for the year.\
\
       Dec. 11, 1963; McMinnville, Oregon. 7 a.m. Witness:  W.W.\
       Dolan, professor of mathematics and astronomy, and dean of the\
       faculty of Linfield College. One bright, star-like light\
       hovered, slowed, dimmed and flashed in 1 minute.\
\
       Dec. 16, 1963; 800 miles north of Midway Island (40* N., 175* 54'\
       W.). 5:05 p.m. Witness:  unspecified persons aboard a military\
       aircraft.  One white light blinked 2-3 times per second as it\
       moved very fast across the sky for 15 seconds.\
\
       April 3, 1964; Monticello, Wisconsin. 9 p.m. Witnesses:  Mr.\
       and Mrs. R. Wold (he was a graduate student in anthropology).\
       Four huge red lights in a rectangular formation, with a white\
       light above, were near the ground, tilted and flew away after 3-4\
       minutes.\
\
       April 11, 1964; Homer, New York. 6:30 p.m. Witnesses:\
       physiotherapist W.B. Ochsner and wife.  Two cloud-like objects\
       darkened; one shot away and returned during the 30-45 minute\
       sighting.\
\
        April 24, 1964; Socorro, New Mexico. 5:45 p.m. Witness:\
        Socorro policeman Lonnie Zamora.  Watched object with flame\
        underneath descend toward the desert.  Two small humanoids\
        observed near vertical oval on ground.  Later watched object take\
        off with a roar, go silent and fly away.  Burning and charred\
        brush found at landing sight.\
\
        May 9, 1964; Chicago, Illinois. 10:20 p.m.  Witness:  J.R. Betz,\
        U.S. District Court reporter. Three light green crescent-shaped\
        objects, about half the apparent size of the Moon, flew very fast\
        in tight formation from east to west, oscillating in size and\
        color for 3 seconds.\
\
        May 18, 1964; Mt. Vernon, Virginia.  5:15 p.m.  Witness:  civil\
        engineer F. Meyers. One small, glowing white oval split twice\
        after moving from the right of the Moon around to the left.\
        Sighting lasted 17 minutes.\
\
\
                                     51\
       May 26, 1964; Cambridge, Massachusetts.  7:43 p.m.  Witness:  P.\
       Wankowicz, RAF pilot and ex-Smithsonian satellite tracker. One\
       thin, white ellipsoid (3.5 times as long as wide) flew straight\
       and level for 3-4 seconds.\
\
       May 26, 1964; Pleasantview, Pennsylvania. 11 p.m. Witness:\
       Rev. H.C. Shaw. One yellow-orange light, shaped like the bottom\
       of a ball, was spotted in a field and chased down the road for 2\
       miles.\
\
       June 13, 1964; Toledo, Ohio. 9:15 p.m.  Witness:  B.L. English,\
       announcer for radio station WTOD. Three glowing white spheres,\
       glowing red on their sides, moved slow, hovered and then moved in\
       circles very fast, all the while making a low, rumbling sound.\
\
       July 16, 1964; 15 miles south of Houghton Lake, Michigan. 11:15\
       p.m.  Witness:  Northern Air Service pilot K. Jannereth. Four\
       white lights in a stepped-up echelon formation, were joined by\
       two more.  They closed in on the airplane, then rapidly slowed nd\
       flew along with it for a total of 5 minutes.\
\
       July 20, 1964; Littleton, Illinois.  4:45 a.m.  Witness:  J.J.\
       Winkle. One 60' diameter round-topped, flat-bottomed object with\
       a long acetylene-colored flame shooting downward, flew straight\
       and level, made a half loop, then rose up.  Sighting lasted l\
       minute.\
\
       July 27, 1964; Norwich, New York. 7:30 p.m. Witness:\
       Duabert, engineering supervisor.  One aluminum sphere with a\
       luminous ring, remained stationary for 4-5 minutes.\
\
       July 27, 1964; Denver, Colorado.  8:20 p.m.  Witness:  A. Borsa.\
       One white ball of fire, the size of a car, climbed slowly, then\
       speeded up.  Sighting lasted 2-3 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 10, 1964; Wake Island. 5:16 a.m.  Witnesses:  aircraft\
       commander Capt. B.C. Jones and navigator lst Lt. H.J. Cavender,\
       in parked USAF C-124 transport plane.  One reddish, blinking\
       light approached the runway, stopped and made several reverses\
       during 2 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 15, 1964; New York, New York. 1:20 a.m. Witness:  S.F.\
       D'Alessandro. One 10'x5' bullet-shaped object with wavy lines on\
       the rounded front part and six pipes along the straight rear\
       portion, made a "whishhh" sound.  Witness' dog growled during\
                                                         .\
       sighting.\
\
       Aug. 15, 1964; Yosemite National Park, California. 8:15 a.m.\
       Witnesses:  E.J. Haug, of the San Francisco Orchestra and the San\
       Francisco Conservatory of Music; and C.R. Bubb, a high school\
       mathematics teacher.  Three bright silver, round objects, in a\
       stack formation, flew very fast, changing positions within the\
\
                                      52\
       formation.  The sound of rushing air was heard during the 3-4\
       second sighting.\
\
       Aug. 18, 1964; Atlantic Ocean, 200 miles east of Dover, Delaware.\
       12:35 a.m.  Witnesses:  Maj. D.W. Thompson and First Pilot lst\
       Lt. J.F. Jonke, on a USAF C-124 transport plane.  One round,\
       blurred, reddish-white object was on a collision course with the\
       C-124 from ahead and below. The airplane evaded the object.\
       Sighting las ted 2 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 10, 1964; Cedar Grove, New Jersey. 7:09 p.m. Witness:\
       chemist P.H. DePaolo. Four white lights, 3-4 apart, were seen\
       to the north, going west for 45 seconds.\
\
       Nov. 14, 1964; Menominee Falls, Wisconsin. 9:40 p.m. Witnesses:\
       Dr. G.R. Wagner, MD; and two girls.  Three dim, reddish lights\
       flew through a 160^ arc in 5-6 seconds.\
\
       Nov. 19, 1964; 1,400 miles east of Tokyo, Japan (34' 55' N., 164*\
       05' E.). Witnesses:  unidentified military persons.  One bright\
       white flashing light was travelling from horizon to horizon in 20\
       seconds.\
\
       Jan, 23, 1965; Williamsburg, Virginia. 8:40 a.m. Witness:  Mr.\
       T.F. Mains. One mushroom or lightbulb-shaped object, 75-80'\
       high, 25' diameter on top and l0' bottom diameter; metallic grey\
       with a red-orange glow on the near side and a blue glow on the\
       far side.  The object made a sound like a vacuum cleaner.  The\
       witness' car electrical system was affected as the object moved\
       away at an altitude of 4'.  The sighting lasted 25 seconds.\
\
       March 4, 1965; Corvallis, Oregon.  9:23 p.m.  Witness:  W.V.\
       Harrison. Three lights rose from the ground, several seconds\
       apart.  The next day, an oily spot was found at the site.\
\
       March 8, 1965; Mt. Airy, Maryland.  7:40 p.m.  Witness:  J.H.\
       Martin, instrument maker for U.S. Bureau of Standards. Six\
       lights flew overhead slowly for 3 minutes.\
\
       April 4, 1965; Keesler AFB, Mississippi. 4:05 a.m. Witnesses:\
       USAF A/2c Corum, a weather observer; confirmation by college\
       student R. Pittman not clear from available data.  One 40' black,\
       oval object with four lights along the bottom, flew in and out of\
       the clouds for 15 seconds.\
\
       May 7, 1965; Oxford, Michigan. 7:30 p.m.  Witness:  M.E.\
       Marshall. One light, like a satellite, split into two parts, one\
       of which was copperish color, then two more joined up.  One\
       object may have been tumbling.  Sighting lasted 1 minute.\
\
\
\
                                     53\
       July 6, 1965; Kiel, Wisconsin. 9:30 p.m.  Witness:  Mrs. E.R.\
       Hayner. One flashing light, like a satellite, was seen for less\
       than 1 minute.  No further data was in the files.\
\
       July 25, 1965; Castalia, Ohio. 9:15 p.m.  Witness:  amateur\
       astronomer M.D. Harris, 16. One bright blue star crossed 90 of\
       sky in 10-15 seconds.\
\
       Aug. 4, 1965; Dallas, Texas. 9:30 p.m.  Witness:  J.A. Carter,\
       19.  One light flew fast, straight and level for 12 seconds.  No\
       further data in files.\
\
       Aug. 4, 1965; Tinley Park, Illinois.  11:35 p.m.  Witnesses:  two\
       unnamed 14 year olds.  One light moved around the sky for 16-17\
       seconds.  No further data in files.\
\
       Aug. 19, 1965; Cherry Creek New York. 8:20 p.m. Witnesses:\
       Mrs. William Butcher, son Harold, 17, and children.  A large\
       elliptical object, with a reddish vapor underneath, came close to\
       the ground, then shot straight up into the clouds a few seconds\
       later.  Radio drowned out by static, a tractor engine stopped.\
       When the object was on the ground, a steady beeping sound could\
       be heard.  Afterwards, a strange odor was noticed, and the next\
       day, a purplish liquid, 2"x2" marks and patches of singed grass\
       were found at the site.  A bull bellowed and tried to break its\
       bonds.\
\
       Aug. 30, 1965; Urbana, Ohio. 10:30 p.m.  Witnesses:  M.A. Lilly,\
       N. Smith, T. Nastoff. One white ball, 5-8' in diameter and\
       trailed by a 2-3' light, hit the road 100' in front of the\
       witness' car, bounced and flew away.  Sighting lasted 3-4\
       seconds.\
\
       Sept. 3, 1965; Exeter, New Hampshire.  2 a.m.  Witnesses:  Exeter\
       Patrolmen Eugene Bertrand, Jr. and David Hunt, and Norman\
       Muscarello. One large, dark, elliptical object with a row of red\
       lights around it, moved slowly and erratically around houses and\
       trees, while lights blinked in sequence.  Farm animals were very\
       noisy.  Sighting lasted about 1 hour.\
\
       Sept. 3, 1965; Damon, Texas. 11 p.m.  Witnesses:  Brazoria\
       County Chief Sheriff's Deputy Billy McCoy and Deputy Robert\
       Goode. One triangular object, 150-200' long, 40-50' thick at\
       middle and dark grey, with a long, bright, pulsing, purple light\
       on the right side and a long blue light on the left side.  Came\
       from distance to 150' off highway and 100' in the air.  Purple\
       light illuminated ground beneath object and interior of police\
       car.  Driver felt heat on his left arm.  Initial sighting lasted\
       5-10 minutes.  Second sighting.occurred later that night.\
\
\
\
\
                                    54\
        Sept. 25, 1965; Chisholm, Minnesota.  9:55 a.m.  Witness:  Bett\
        Diamon. Five orange lights in a row flew fast and made an abrupt\
        turn during the 1 minute sighting.\
\
        Sept. 25, 1965; Rodeo, New Mexico.  10 p.m.  Witnesses:  Dr.\
        George Walton, physical chemist, and wife.  Two round white\
        objects flew side-by-side, at 30-50' altitude, pacing the\
        witnesses' car for 6 minutes.\
\
        Oct. 4,       Middletown, Ohio. Wiitness:  Tucker. Case missing\
        from official files.\
\
        Feb. 2, 1966; Salisbury, North Carolina. 11:15 p.m. Witnesses:\
        Mr. and Mrs. L.J. Wise. One silver, diamond-shaped object with\
        several balls constantly in very fast motion around it, and much\
        light.  Object hovered over the trees for 3-4 minutes, while a\
        dog barked, and then zipped out of sight.  Sighting lasted 1\
        hour.\
\
        Feb. 6, 1966; Nederland, Texas. 5:45 a.m.  Witnesses:  Mr. and\
        Mrs. K.R. Gulley. One yellow, lighted object at 500; altitude\
        and a pulsating red glow on the lawn.  The house lights went out,\
        and high frequency bothered the witnesses' ears.  Sighting lasted\
        5-10 minutes.\
\
        March 20, 1966; Miami, Florida.. 12:15 a.m.  Witness:  USAF Res.\
        Maj. K.C. Smith, employee of NASA at Cape Kennedy. One pulsating\
        light which varied from white to intense blue made a jerky ascent\
        and then rapidly accelerated away to the north after 5 minutes.\
\
        March 22, 1966; Houston, Texas. 1:30 a.m.  Witness:  S.J.\
        Musachia. White flashing lights, and the air full of smoke.  Lit\
        up witness' apartment.  Sound of "yen " heard up close\
        during 4 minute sighting.\
\
        March 23, 1966; Temple, Oklahoma.  5:05 a.m.  Witness:  W.E.\
        Laxson. One large object, like a wingless C-124 transport plane;\
        75' long, 8' high and 12' wide; with a bubble canopy on top.  Sat\
        on highway, a man dressed in military work clothes entered, and\
        it rose after about 40 seconds.\
\
        March 26, 1966; Texhoma, Oklahoma.  Midnight. Witnesses:  Mrs.\
        P.N. Beer and Mrs. E. Smith. One flashing light buzzed their car\
        from the front then hovered.  Sighting lasted l0 minutes.\
\
        April 5, 1966; Alto, Tennessee. 11:55 p.m.  Witness:  W. Smith.\
        One oval object with a dark top, appeared cone-shaped when\
        moving.  It made a high-frequency noise during the 2.5 hour\
        sighting.\
\
        April 5, 1966; Lycoming, New York. 3 a.m. Witness:  Lillian\
        Louis. One vapor-like sphere hovered and spun at low altitude,\
\
                                      55\
        shooting its exhaust onto the ground below.  Sighting of 1\
        minute.\
\
        April 30, 1966; Sacramento, California. 3:15 a.m. Witness:\
        Anita Miller. One light moved around the sky for 2.5 hours.  No\
        further detail in files.\
\
        May 7, 1966; Goodfellow AFB, Texas. 9:55 p.m. Witness:  A/3c\
        W.L. Whitehead. One short, cylindrical object with pointed ends\
        and a yellow light at one end and blue light at the other, flew\
        straight and level for 35 seconds.\
\
        June 6, 1966; Spooner, Wisconsin.  9:30 p.m.  Witness:  Dorothy\
        Gray. Two domed discs with sparkling upper surfaces and square\
        windows in their tops, revolved above a lake, apparently causing\
        strange behavior of the lake water during the 25 second sighting.\
\
        June 8, 1966; Kansas, Ohio. 6:45 a.m.  Witness:  Max Baker. One\
        bright silver, cigar-shaped object, as long as an airliner,\
        buzzed the witness' car.  Sighting lasted 1 minute.\
\
        June 18, 1966; Burnsville, North Carolina. 12:30 a.m.\
        Witnesses:  members of a Boy Scout group, including Sterrett.\
        One bell-shaped object with three flashing red lights hovered for\
        5 hours and was then joined by six others.\
\
        June 27, 1966; 400 miles east of Wake Island (19* N., 172* E.).\
        4 a.m.  Witness:  Radio Officer Steffen Soresen, of the S/ Mt.\
        Vernon Victory. One "cloud" expanded with a light inside, and\
        then accelerated away after several minutes.\
\
        July l1, 1966; Union, Pennsylvania.  7:45 p.m.  Witnesses:  Carl\
        Wood and Charles Hawthorne. One large (100' wide, 20' high)\
        bright red object with small windows and yellow lights.  The\
        object emitted a humming noise, seemingly from the outside, and a\
        qrinding noise which seemed to come from inside.  Observed for 1\
        hour.\
\
         July 25, 1966; Vanceboro, North Carolina. 1 a.m. Witness:\
        college student James Clark. One object which changed color from\
        orange to red to blue to green and back to orange.  Followed\
        witness' car at high speed, then stopped and hovered over the\
        car.  Rose and flew up and out of sight in less than 5 seconds.\
        Entire sighting involved about 1 hour.\
\
        July 31, 1966; Presque Isle State Park, Pennsylvania. 7:25 p.m.\
        Witnesses:  Douglas Tibbetts, 16; Betty Klem, 16; Anita Haifley,\
        22; and Gerald Labelle, 29. Square or hexagonal object with\
        edges lit or reflecting light, came tumbling down from right to\
        left.  Stopped 5-10' above the beach and settled heavily down;\
        circle of spotlights at top were visible when it was on the\
        ground.  Sighting lasted 5 minutes.   .\
\
                                        56\
       Aug. 19, 1966; Donnybrook, North Dakota. 4:50 p.m. Witness:\
       U.S. Border Patrolman Don Flickenger.  Round disc with domed top,\
       30' in diameter and 15' high, colored white, silvery or aluminum.\
       Moved across a valley from the southeast, hovered over a\
       reservoir, appeared to land in a small field, then rose up into\
       clouds very rapidly.  Sighting lasted 5 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 23, 1966; Columbus, Ohio. 77 p.m.  Witnesses:  Broomall and\
       Gilpin. One circular, luminous white object split into five\
       objects and all streaked away toward the west.  Sighting lasted\
       15 minutes.\
\
       Aug. 26, 1966; Gaylesville, Alabama. 8:50 p.m. Witnesses:  Mr.\
       and Mrs. Funk and their three children.  A cluster of four small,\
       glowing, orange-yellow lights in a triangular formation, moved\
       from east to west for 4.5 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 1, 1966; Willsboro, New York. 2:45 p.m. Witness:  T.H.\
       Ridman. One oval object with lights that flashed red and white\
       and occasionally blue, travelled west, then disappeared downward.\
       It returned, several minutes later, at which time a loud noise\
       was heard.  The entire sighting lasted 30 minutes.\
\
       Sept. 6, 1966; Suffolk County AFB, New York. 6:50 p.m.\
       Witnesses:  Stahl and Ladesic. One white cylinder of light came\
       from the east at high speed, stopped and hovered for 3 minutes,\
       and then turned and slowly disappeared.  Sighting lasted 8\
       minutes.\
\
       Sept. 9, 1966; Franklin Springs, New York. 9 p.m. Witness:\
       Jacobson. One solid object, larger than an army tank, with\
       lights all around it, made a low humming sound and disappeared\
       into woods at the end of the 30 minute sighting.\
\
       Sept. 13, 1966; Gwinner, North Dakota. 7:30 a.m. Witness:\
       Rotenberger. One silvery-grey ellipse with a clear bubble\
       protruding from its top, hovered about a mile away, then landed\
       within 300 yards and took off very fast.  It made a low-pitched\
       whine during the 5 minute sighting.\
\
       Sept. 28, 1966; Wilmington, Ohio. 3:38 p.m. Witness:  Clarke.\
       Three round, oval-shaped, aluminum-colored objects with rotating\
       rings around them.  Two remained stationary, while the third\
       varied its altitude during the 90 second sighting.\
\
       Oct. 5, 1966; Osceola, Wisconsin.  Witnesses:  several members of\
       one family. One small, bright orange, moon-shaped object\
       remained stationary in the northeast for about 20 minutes, then\
       suddenly took off very fast to the WNW.\
\
\
\
                                     57\
       Oct. 23, 1966; Southhampton, Long Island, New York. 6 p.m.\
       Witness:  Mr Acquino. One object with arms in front of it which\
       sparkled like an arc-light.  Traveled south along some power\
       lines, then turned southwest.  Made a slight humming sound during\
       the 4 minute sighting.\
\
       Oct. 26, 1966; Cold Bay Air Force Station, Alaska. No time\
       given.  Witness:  civilian control tower operator Ralston. One\
       white object approached runway at 50' altitude.  Runway lights\
       were then turned on, and object accelerated and climbed away so\
       fast that witness was unable to use binoculars.  Sighting lasted\
       3 seconds.\
\
       Nov. 8, 1966; Saginaw, Michigan.  At night. Witness:  college\
       graduate Annis. A group of lights that flashed and changed color\
       hung stationary, almost touching the road, and would abruptly\
       vanish during the 5 minute sighting.\
\
       Dec. 25, 1966; Monroe, Oregon. 33 a.m.  Witnesses:  civilians and\
       military persons.  Three round objects, as large as cars, gave\
       off vapor, then became three bright reddish-orange lights.  Blast\
       at beginning of 90 minute sighting pushed one witness against a\
       car.\
\
       Feb. 6, 1967; Odessa, Delaware. 8:45 p.m.  Witnesses:  Donald\
       and Marie Guseman. One large, Saturn-shaped object--5O' in\
       diameter and 20' high--with two bright lights, a green light on\
       one side and a red light on the other.  Hovered motionless over\
       the trees, then slowly moved north and suddenly disappeared after\
       2 minutes.\
\
       Feb. 12, 1967; Grand Rapids, Michigan. 3:40 a.m. Witness:  Mr.\
       Lou Atkinson. Four fluorescent, football-shaped objects, a dull,\
       almost grey luminous color; flew northeast in a very rigid\
       formation for 4-10 seconds.  Made a chirping noise.\
\
       Feb. 16, 1967; Stoughton, Wisconsin.  9:11 p.m.  Witness:  Miss\
       Lynn Marsh. One light with faded edges seemed to follow observer\
       in her car for 5-6 minutes.\
\
       Feb. 20, 1967; Oxford, Wisconsin.  3:10 a.m.  Witness:  USAF\
       veteran/truck driver Stanton Summer. One orange-red object flew\
       parallel to truck for 2 minutes.\
\
       Feb. 27, 1967; Grand Haven, Michigan. 8:19 p.m. Witnesses:\
       Sheriff Grysen, wife and others.  Large white light, with smaller\
       red and green lights seen to the sides.  Made almost\
       instantaneous 90^ turn to left, shot out over road and stopped,\
       moving too fast to follow.  Sighting lasted 1 hour, 11 minutes.\
\
       March 6, 1967; Benton Harbor, Michigan. 12:01 a.m. Witnesses:\
       Jerome Wolanin, assistant news director of radio station and\
\
                                     58\
       former policeman, and wife.  One round saucer or oval-shaped\
       object with red, green and yellow lights around bottom rim which\
       pulsated red.  Flew level, east to west, and was joined by second\
       object from west.  First object opened top, second came over and\
       hovered for 30 seconds and disappeared.  Sighting lasted more\
       than 40 minutes.  Objects made hissing sound.\
\
       March 6, 1967; Galesburg-Moline, Illinois. 4:25 a.m. Witness:\
       Deputy Sheriff Frank Courson. One object shaped like a rubber\
       cup which is placed under furniture leg, with a dome set in the\
       cup.  Bottom of object spun rapidly, rim pulsated red.  Approached\
       witness and passed overhead at low altitude, making a hieeing\
       sound.\
\
       March 9, 1967; Galesburg, Illinois.  7:10 p.m.  Witnesses:  two\
       housewives.  One object shaped like a pancake with a rounded top;\
       object was pulsating red, with red lights around its rim.\
       Approached witnesses and seemed to explode with a brilliant white\
       light that lasted 10 seconds and almost blinded them.  Then it\
       accelerated to the north and disappeared.\
\
       March 9, 1967; Onawa, Iowa. 9:05 p.m.  Witness:  Jack Lindley.\
       One bright white, saucer-shaped object, as big as a jet airliner,\
       flew straight and fast to the east for 2 minutes.\
\
       March 22, 1967; Wapello, Iowa. 10:20 p.m.  Witness:  Douglas\
       Eutsler, 15. Fluorescent, solid, multicolored lights stood\
       still, then flew away at high speed after 1 minute.\
\
       March 24, 1967; Belt, Montana. 99 p.m.  Witness:  truck driver\
       Ken Williams. One dome-shaped object, emitting a bright light,\
       landed in a ravine.  As the witness approached, it took off and\
       settled back, hidden from the highway.  Sighting lasted several\
       minutes.\
\
       March 26, 1967; New Winchester, Ohio. 4 p.m. Witnesses:  man,\
       woman, three boys.  One oval object, which looked like copper or\
       brass with the sun shining on it, flew from southeast to\
       northwest with tumbling motion for 30 minutes.\
\
       May 17, 1967; Rural Hall, North Carolina. 8:30 p.m. Witness:\
       Red Ledford. One round, orange-colored object, similar in size\
       to a small aircraft, zigzagged back and forth over a jet that was\
       heading northeast for 5 minutes.\
\
       June 24, 1967; Austin, Texas. 3:12 a.m.  Witness:  artist Ray\
       Stanford. One solid, blue-white, elliptical object flew from\
       northwest to northeast and stopped, seemingly in response to\
       flashlight signal, for 1.5 minutes.  The object then proceeded\
       along its original path at high speed and disappeared behind\
       clouds. Sighting lasted 9 minutes.\
\
\
                                     59\
     June 29' 1967; Scotch Plains, New Jersey. 1:30 a.m. Witness:\
     truck driver Damon Brown. One oyster-shaped object--2OO' wide,\
     and 25-30' thick--with a huge red light at each end and one on\
     the bottom, and a row of blue lights along the bottom.  Circled\
     m.n aircraft, hovering then moving rapidly, and then followed the\
     witness' car for about 500', veered south and departed at great\
     speed after 8-10 minutes.\
\
     July 10, 1967; Lizelia, Mississippi.  5:50 p.m.  Witness:  golf\
     pro Harold Washington (Capt, USMC, ret.). One object with a\
     dome, the top colored gunmetal blue, the bottom the color of old\
     lead.  Moved east, crossed the highway tilted upward, moved to\
     the right, accelerated and disappeared into the clouds after 3-5\
     seconds.  Object made a swishing sound.\
\
     Oct. 18, 1967; Lake Charles, Louisiana. 9 p.m. Witness:  John\
     Herbert. One bright, fiery ball flashed four times while moving\
     east, just above the tree tops.  Sighting lasted 1 minute.\
\
     Feb. 9, 1968; Groveton, Missouri.  4:20 a.m.  Witness:  Mr. R.W.\
     Bland. One object, 100' in diameter, with concave sides having\
     "portholes" in the center of each gave off yellow-green light.\
     Hovered 25' above ground, then moved rapidly toward the\
     southwest.  Gave off pulsating sound, like a length of wire\
     whirled at high speed above the head.  Sighting lasted 1-5\
     minutes.\
\
     Sept. 15, 1968; near Ocala, Florida. 9:30 p.m. Witness:\
     missionary pilot Jay Cole, flying a Beech C-45 twin-engined\
     utility plane.  One light performed aerobatics for 15 minutes and\
     then vanished.  A second light appeared, heading toward them on a\
     collision course, made a 90* turn and disappeared.  Later, ground\
     radar told them a target was following them.  Sightings lasted 15\
     minutes.\
\
     Nov. 23, 1968. Newton, Georgia.  8:05 p.m.  Witness:  Mr. Jones,\
     accountant.  One oblong light, 120-150' wide.  Hovering 75' above\
     the ground, it emitted a beam that lit the ground.  Radio gave\
     off static, then car engine stopped. Light flew away vertically\
     and car engine restarted itself.  Sighting lasted 3-4 minutes.\
\
     Jan. 17, 1969; Crittenden, Virginia.  3:24 a.m.  Witness:  Mr.\
     Roman Lupton, test facility mechanic.  Several amber lights--one\
     of them blinking--in an elliptical formation, flew forward slowly\
     while moving up and down, then turned and disappeared after 2\
     minutes.  Made a humming sound.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
                                  \
\
\
        }